Someone as detached from reality as Donald Trump should never be in charge of making decisions that are as real as they come.
Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president of the United States.
Look at the policies Trump has proposedthey would put prejudice into practice.
Trump would form an armed deportation force to round up millions of immigrants and kick them out of the country.
Trump would abolish this bedrock constitutional principle: if youre born in the U.S., youre an American citizen.
Trump would ban every Muslim around the world1.5 billion men, women, and childrenfrom entering the U.S. just because of their religion.
Trump likes to say he only hires the "best people," but hes had to fire so many campaign managers its like an episode of the Apprentice.
Trump hired the head of Breitbart "News" to be CEO of his campaign. Here's a sample of their work:
A fringe element has effectively taken over Trumps campaign and the Republican Party.
Theres an old Mexican proverb that says Tell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.We know who Trump is.
20 years ago, when Bob Dole accepted the Republican nomination, he pointed to the exits and told any racists in the Party to get out.
Our rising generation of young Americans is the most open, diverse, and connected weve ever seen.
This election is too important for anyone to sit out.Text JOIN to 47246 or go to  Lets go win this, together.
Trump says he wants to "make America great again," but his real message remains make America hate again.
Trump asked what the African American community has to lose by voting for him. @MarlonDMarshall's response:
It's not a coincidence that white supremacists proudly support Trump.
Trump's bigoted rhetoric and policy proposals aren't a dog whistle. We hear him loud and clear.
Donald Trumps campaign of prejudice and paranoia is unlike anything weve seenand its profoundly dangerous.
Republican leaders should take a look at who they're standing with.
Countless women fought to win the right to vote. On the anniversary of the 19th Amendment's adoption, let's recommit to protecting it. -H
We've made our union more perfect because people refused to be kept on the sidelines. Onward. #WomensEqualityDay
On this day in 1920, the 19th Amendment was adopted and many women won the right to vote. Let's break more ceilings.
Yes, @realDonaldTrump really did say all of these hateful things.
So what has the @ClintonFdn been up to? Helping millions of people get more affordable medicine to treat HIV/AIDS.
Happy #WomensEqualityDay from @realDonaldTrump.
Daughter, business owner, and immigrant: Meet Luisachaser of the American Dream.
Making it easier to live the American Dream means making it easier to start and grow a small business.
Happy National Dog Day!
You can learn a lot about a person by the company they keep.Here's some of the company Trump keeps:
Helping small businesses succeed is about more than policyit's personal.
Families across America are feeling the strain from prescription drug price-gouging. Here's how we'll take this on:
Hillary's small business plan: cut paperwork improve funding access save businesses $
53 years ago, Dr. King told us his dream. Today, let's recommit ourselves to the march toward equality for all.  -H
When Trump was starting in business, he was sued by the Justice Department for refusing to rent to black tenants.
We're stronger togetherand the diversity of our athletes in Rio proved it.
"The right to vote is still the most powerful nonviolent tool of transformation we have." @RepJohnLewis
Trump's housing company would mark black renters' applications with a "C" for "colored"then reject them.
We have some questions about this letter from Donald Trump's doctor.
Dear Donald: You can't make America great again when you don't make things in America.
Charity Watch called the @ClintonFdn "one of the great humanitarian charities of our generation."
Trump talks about enacting extreme policy ideas that hurt Americans. His VP pick has actually done it.
Too many Americans living with mental illness have been left to face it on their own.
Qumber's parents came to this country for the American Dream. Trump is a threat to all they've achieved:
Donald Trump: Make ________BangladeshChinaIndiaIndonesiaVietnamMexicoSloveniaGreat Again?
The choice in November: a president with real plans to combat climate changeor one who calls it a hoax.
It's time to finally put access to care for mental health on par with physical health.
Big victory from the @NLRB for workers' right to organize for fair wages and benefits.
Give the Trump family a huge tax cut or take care of our veterans? Not a hard choice.
We're facing the highest suicide rate in 30 years. Let's make sure every family can access mental health treatment.
Mike Pences governorship has been devastating to Indiana women. Just ask one of them:
The @ClintonFdn is saving lives around the world.
Eight reasons why you shouldn't need a four-year degree to have a successful career:
60% of adults experiencing mental health illnesses are untreated. It's time to close the treatment gap.
Trump's plan:1. Round up and deport every single undocumented immigrant2. Build a concrete wallAn alternative:
Trump loves his "Make America Great Again" hat a lot for a guy who outsourced jobs to 12 different countries.
What you need to know about the "alt-right" and @realDonaldTrump's connections to white supremacy and hate groups:
"From the first days of his campaign, Donald Trump has painted Mexicans as 'rapists' and criminals."
A big, beautiful list of literally every tweet Donald Trump has sent about Mexico over the last two years.
RT this if you agree.
We're still 2.5 million away from reaching our August fundraising goal. Chip in by midnight and get a free sticker:
.@GovChristie, vetoing a minimum wage increase is a blow to working families. No one who works full-time should have to live in poverty. -H
No matter how great the challenge, America must lead. Hillary to the @AmericanLegion
"They have to go."Trump has been perfectly clear about his intentions for millions of immigrants.
As Trump meets with President Pea Nieto, a helpful refresher on some of the things hes said about Mexico:
"We are building a wall. He's a Mexican! Donald Trump, June 3, 2016
Trump has vilified Mexicans and immigrants since day one of his campaign. That's not what America stands for.
Great news for North Carolinians. Let's make voting easier so every voice in our democracy can be heard. -H
I will never lie to you. Donald Trump, August 18, 2016
"It turns out Trump didn't just choke, he got beat in the room and lied about it." @JohnPodesta
A wall that Mexico will pay for: a bad idea from an even worse negotiator.
Trump just failed his first foreign test. Diplomacy isn't as easy as it looks. -H
We are not going to criminalize, profile, round up, and deport 16 million people.
There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.
Donald Trump could actually be our next president. Chip in before midnight to make sure that never happens:
Trump's extreme immigration speech got rave reviewsfrom white supremacists, the alt-right, and Ann Coulter.
Tune in now to watch @JoeBiden hit the trail for Hillary in Ohio:
"I'm so sick and tired of people like Trump...saying we get 'paid too much.'" @JoeBiden in Ohio:
"Hes causing nations to wonder if well actually keep our word. @JoeBiden on Donald Trump:
"Trump, the self-proclaimed tough negotiator, not only choked but openly lied about choking."
This choice couldn't be starker.
"There will be no softening whatsoever." the @WashingtonPost on Trump's most alarming immigration speech yet
Born Sept. 1, 1933, former TX Gov. Ann Richards opened doors for women and minorities in her own state and beyond.
If Trump needs help with diplomacy, he could learn a lot from our last secretary of state.
It took Donald Trump exactly one foreign policy trip to get rebuked by a leader of an ally nation.
Turns out, hosting Miss Universe pageants abroad doesn't equate to diplomatic skills.
So, how did Donald Trump's first swing at diplomacy go? Not so great.Try to follow his decision-making process:
The disastrous Mexico wall trip: a case study in the Trump school of diplomacy.
As a candidate, Trump has already embarrassed us on the world stage.Imagine the damage he'd do as president.
The worst part is, Trump's disturbing policies for immigrant families go way beyond just "building a wall."
Trump and his hateful language are affecting our kids. These are some of the heartbreaking things they're saying:
Drug companies should never put profits before patients. Our plan to stop excessive prescription drug price hikes:
When Ruline was born in 1913, women couldn't vote.In 2016, she'll cast her vote to elect the 1st woman president.
America needs leadership in the White House, not a liability.
Donald Trump's plan on immigration has been clear all along: demonize immigrants, "build a wall," deport millions.
Donald Trump's pattern of prejudice and discrimination started long before he was a presidential candidate.
Our planet's future depends on the decisions we make now.RT if you agree it's time to combat climate change.
A reminder as America officially joins the Paris climate agreement.We cant stop there:
Even before his hateful speech this week, Trump has never been vague about his feelings toward immigrants.
Thanks, @POTUS, for reaffirming the law to protect women's healthwhichever provider you choose.
"Thats a special thing about Hillarywhen theres a job worth doing, she doesnt abandon it." President Carter
We have a new @Tumblr! Check out letters to Hillary from Americans around the country at
Astonishing that the Republican nominee still refuses to acknowledge that @POTUS was born in the United States.
There's going to be no one left in Washington for Trump to work with who he hasnt insulted.
If you're a fan of weekends, thank a union member.
Unions stand up for workers who need someone to have their backs. We need a president who will do the same.
Unions gave us higher wages, weekends, and the largest middle class in the world. That's worth celebrating and protecting. Happy #LaborDay! -H
One candidate would stand up for workers and their families. The other? Not so much.
Sec. of Labor Frances Perkins was our first woman cabinet member and an architect of the Fair Labor Standards Act.
"Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights." Hillary in Beijing, 21 years ago today
Unions have had the backs of working families for decades. Now they need to know we have theirs.
"The essence of his campaign is bigotry." @BernieSanders on Donald Trump in New Hampshire
Today, we'll hear Trump talk about our veterans.Our new ad on what they've been hearing from Trump for months:
Our veterans and military families deserve better.
Only one candidate in this race is standing up for working families. Take a look:
63 days left.Watch live as Hillary hits the trail in Tampa
We can take on the threat of climate change and make America a clean energy superpower.Or, we can do nothing.
Donald Trump has a problem looking at someone different from himself and actually seeing them.
"Clintons proposals would revolutionize how we treat young children in America.
We should be helping more immigrant families stay together, not tearing them apart.
"I think I've made a lot of sacrifices." Trump's response to the parents of Humayun Khan, who died serving in Iraq
Enter to win a signed copy of Hillary and Tim's new book!
If Donald Trump doesn't show all Americans the respect they deserve, he doesn't deserve to be their president.
"I know more about ISIS than the generals do." Donald TrumpNo, you don't.
World leaders on why Hillary's tenure as secretary of state prepared her to be president:
The @DallasNews hasn't endorsed a Democrat for president since before WWII. Here's why it's endorsing Hillary:
When our SEALs took out bin Laden, they brought the terrorists' families to safety first. That's American honor.
Donald Trump doesn't "know why" African Americans would be offended that he pushed the "birther" conspiracy:
We can't afford a president who would sabotage our efforts to fight climate change.
.@POTUS, @madeleine, and Leon Panetta agree: Hillary's one of the best secretaries of state we've had.
Did Trump use his charitable foundation to prevent a state attorney general from investigating his fraud?
The U.S. presidency isn't an entry-level job.How Hillary's time as our secretary of state shows she's ready:
A man who talks about our veterans and military families like this doesn't deserve to be Commander-in-Chief.
A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.
Tonight, Americans will hear what Trump would do as Commander-in-Chief.Here are 5 reasons he's unfit for the job:
Donald Trump has proven over and over again that he's unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief.
It takes experience, toughness, and a steady temperament to be our Commander-in-Chief. #NBCNewsForum
Our next Commander-in-Chief needs to have the steadiness, strength, and judgment to make life and death decisions.
Hillary has spent decades fighting for veterans, members of the military, and their families.  #NBCNewsForum
"I will not let the VA be privatized." Hillary  #NBCNewsForum
We need to do everything we can to remove barriers to the health care our veterans needwhether physical or mental. #NBCNewsForum
Not every wound can be seen. Our veterans deserve the best mental health services we can give. #NBCNewsForum
Tonight, Trump is going to try and claim he's ready to be Commander-in-Chief. The facts say otherwise. Follow @TheBriefing2016 to see why.
I have a very good brain. Donald Trump on his foreign policy advisors(Himself.)
The worst part is, this isnt the first time Donald Trump has praised Russia and Putin. #NBCNewsForum
"It is a correct tweet." Donald Trump, just now #NBCNewsForum
Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief.Chip in to make sure it never happens:  #NBCNewsForum
Text QUALIFIED to 47246 if you agree there was only one candidate tonight who showed she's ready to be the next president.
Donald Trump is unqualified and totally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.You can stop him. Register to vote today:
Actually, thats just what taking the office of President seriously looks like.
Imagine this man in charge of our men and women in uniform.
There's only one candidate in this election who's ready to be America's Commander-in-Chief.
I love this country. I will serve it with my entire heart, mind, and soul. Hillary on the tarmac to reporters
The next time Donald Trump throws a temper tantrum, imagine if he had the nuclear codes.
Last night, Trump chose to talk about his deep admiration and support for Putin.Maybe he did it with a smile.
Before Hillary, the last Democrat the @DallasNews endorsed was FDR:
Hillarys speaking in North Carolina on her vision to build an economy that works for everyone. Tune in:
At last night's forum, Trump disrespected our generals, our country, and women in the militarybut he praised Putin.
Hillary chats favorite books, handling criticism, and life on the trail in episode 3 of With Her. Listen here  :
7 ways Donald Trump proved hes not ready to be Commander-in-Chief (in less than 30 minutes):
Hillarys talking to @nbcusa_inc about her faith live in Kansas City. Watch here:
Anyone who looks at the African American community and sees only poverty, crime, and despair is missing so much.
"Thank you for loving all people, especially 'the least, the last, and the lost' among us." Hillary to the @nbcusa_inc
We have to work together to make sure every child has clean water to drink and air to breathe and good schools, no matter their zip code.
None of us can sit back while the epidemic of gun violence ravages our country.
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the busnow its our job to create more good jobs so everyone can afford the fare.
Together, well face head-on the reality of systemic racism and work to reform our criminal justice system.
Every child should be able to live up to their God-given potential, no matter where they come from, what they look like, or who they love.
Let's beat back the assault on voting rightsa blast from the Jim Crow past that must be stopped.We should expand voting rights instead.
This election is too important for anyone to sit on the sidelines.Make sure your friends are registered to vote.
Do all the good you can,for all the people you can,in all the ways you can,for as long as you can.
"Humility is not something you hear much about in politics, is it? But we should. None of us is perfect." Hillary
"Everyone here...has stumbled on their own stony roads. Its grace that lifts us up, grace that leads us home. Hillary to the @nbcusa_inc
We need a president who understands that none of us has all the answers and no one person can fix our problems alone.
We need a president who will do justice, love kindness, and walk humbly.
Unlike Trump's, this plan to defeat ISIS isnt a secret.
The most important quality in a president and Commander-in-Chief is steadinessan absolute, rock solid steadiness.
The next time Trump throws a tantrum, picture him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions for us.
Making the wrong choice on climate change would be a disaster for our kids and grandkids.
If you've ever wondered what Hillary's like as a friend, you could ask Janelle.
We can only confront a challenge like Zika when we come together. It's time for Republicans to fund this fight:  -H
This is what a comprehensive (not "secret") counterterrorism plan looks like.
If you want to see what corruption actually looks like, this is it.
Watch live as @ElizabethForMA campaigns for Hillary in Philadelphia
North Koreas decision to conduct another nuclear test is outrageous and unacceptable.
Women like Elaine served our country and blazed a trail for others to follow. They've earned our highest honors.
Let's send Donald Trump a powerful message on Election Day.  #LoveTrumpsHate
Appalling behavior from Wells Fargo. This is exactly why we need a strong @CFPBand can't let Trump dismantle it.
At the 2016 DNC, @HRC Press Secretary @SarahEMcBride became the first openly trans person to speak at a convention.
When Hillary talks about needing more love and kindness in our lives, this is what she means.
We cant let Trumps manifest unfitness for office become normal. We need to hold him accountable.
Thank you for being so brave, Astrid. Im going to do everything I can to keep families like yours together. -H
"Women are seen through a different lens." Hillary to @HumansofNY
Our next president needs to do everything possible to make life a little easier for working parents.
Hillary on the faith that drives her: "Do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can."
"I won't stop calling out bigotry and racist rhetoric in this campaign." Hillary
Except for African Americans, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants, women, veteransand any so-called "losers" or "dummies."
Remember: If he becomes president, Donald Trump would have the U.S. economy in his hands.
"The story has vastly exceeded the boundaries of the facts." @WashingtonPost on the reporting on Hillary's emails
"Trump spent $20,000 of money earmarked for charitable purposes to buy a six-foot-tall painting of himself.
We'll never forget the horror of September 11, 2001. Today, let's honor the lives and tremendous spirit of the victims and responders. -H
Trump uses his foundation to pay for things with other people's money.
Introducing our college calculator: Find out how much Hillary's plan could save you or your family on student loans.
The reporting on Hillary's emails has left the basis of facts and veered into dangerous territory.
Whether you have student debt or you're preparing for school, see how much our college plan could save you.
Trump's calling for trillion dollar tax cuts for Wall Street.It's time for them to pay their fair share.
Debt shouldn't hold people back from going to college.Let's make sure it doesnt.
Thanks to everyone whos reached out with well wishes! Im feeling fine and getting better. -H
"You can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens." Donald TrumpAbout that.
If you wont say the KKK is deplorable, you have no business running the country.
The Trump Foundation: "an arrangement worked out for maximum benefit at minimum sacrifice.
Your student debt collector would really like you not to vote for Hillary.
Young people say two things: College is too expensive Student debt is crushing themWere going to help them:
Trump says "you can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion for its citizens."What Trump's also said:
The @NCAA is right to pull tournament games from North Carolina because of the anti-LGBT HB2 law. Discrimination has no place in America. -H
7 questions we have about the Trump Foundation (and how Donald used it to stop investigations into his fraud):
"It just seems that the economy does better under the Democrats than the Republicans." Donald Trump, March 2004
Pay-To-Play: The act of making a donation to a politician so they'll help you out. See: Donald Trump.
As Muslims celebrate Eid al-Adhaa festival of sacrifice, charity, and feeding the poorlet's reflect on those shared values. Eid Mubarak! -H
With just 56 days until Election Day, @POTUS is back out on the trail for Hillary in Philly. Watch live:
"I could not be prouder of the leader we have nominated to take my place. @POTUS on Hillary
"Even though I have run my last campaign, I am going to work as hard as I can this fall to elect Hillary Clinton." @POTUS
"We lifted 3.5 million people out of poverty. That's the largest one-year drop in poverty since 1968. @POTUS
"The choice that you make, that we make, just 8 weeks from today, will determine the direction of this country for a long time. @POTUS
"Can I just say, I am really into electing Hillary Clinton. This is not me just going through the motions here. @POTUS
A leader who's got real plans to break down barriers and blast through glass ceilings." @POTUS on Hillary:
"I believe there has never been a man or woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as our president." @POTUS
Then theres the other guy, Donald Trump. Dont boo, vote! @POTUS:
"If you want higher wages, better benefits...then you should be voting for Hillary Clinton." @POTUS:
She knows that love trumps hate. @POTUS on Hillary
"We cannot take this election for granted. Weve got to fight for this thing. @POTUS:
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve. This is serious business. @POTUS
"The bottom line is that we cannot afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show. @POTUS on the medias coverage of Donald Trump
"America is not about yes, he will.' It's about yes, we can.'" @POTUS:
"Donald Trump says stuff every day that used to be considered as disqualifying for being president." @POTUS
"Hes spent most of his life trying to stay as far away from working people as he could. @POTUS on Trump
Proud to mark 22 years of the Violence Against Women Act. Our work isn't done until women in every community are safe from violence.
Trump and Pence's courting of white supremacists isn't a game: It's normalizing racism. And it's deplorable.
How pay-to-play works:1. Trump faces possible investigation2. Trump gives $$ to AG3. Investigation never happens
A mans role in child care, according to Donald Trump:
Its literally right here:
California made the right call: Every worker should be treated with dignity and receive the benefits they've earned.
Danny Williams and his wife Leah lost their home after Trump University took advantage of them.
"If you're serious about our democracy, then you've got to be with her." @POTUS on Hillary
"You don't grade the presidency on a curve." @POTUS
Donald Trump's foundation allegedly paid off Florida's attorney general to prevent an investigation into his fraud.
Today's must-read: "Almost every foreign policy decision [Trump] makes will raise serious conflicts of interest."
20 questions Trump needs to answer on his dangerous foreign business tiesand the national security risks they pose.
The bottom line is that we can not afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show. @POTUS
Donald Trump's foundation: paying off would-be opponents, stiffing actual charities.
Hillary's released her medical information and tax returns.We're still waiting for Trump to do the same.
George was scammed out of his savingshis retirement, his kids' college fundsby a real estate "course" at Trump U.
Proud to have you on this team, @StephenCurry30.
How will Trump guarantee that he'll put America's security over his own financial interests?
Trump's always put his own profits above allno matter who else gets hurt. Why would that change if he's president?
When 40 million Americans are facing the same problem, it's a crisis. One candidate has a plan to address it.
Proud of you, @Simone_Biles. We can all learn from your courage in standing up to stigma.
Trump's detailed medical records are part of a laundry list of things he's hiding from the American public.
Trump's global web of financial and business ties would compromise our national security if hes elected president.
Trump on releasing detailed medical records: "I have no problem in doing so!"He still hasn't released them.
Let's mark the start of Hispanic Heritage Month by celebrating our country's rich diversity and standing up to bigotry and intolerance. -H
Trump gets criticized by a Latino judge: calls him a "disgrace."A Muslim family: he lashes out.A black pastor:
If you're in collegeor have a kid who isfind out how much you could save with Hillary's college plan:
"Its great to be back on the campaign trail. Hillary in North Carolina. Watch live:
For millions of moms and dads, if they get sick, theyre on their own. Theres no backup.
Hillarys running for people who are trying to do hard things and need a helping hand, people like Janelle Turner.
This is why I do it and this is who Im in it forto make life better for children and families." Hillary
Just 54 days left and we dont have a minute to lose. Text JOIN to 47246 and lets go win thistogether.
Want to compare Hillary and Trump on transparency?We stacked up everything they have (or haven't) released.
Long overdue, but good to see the Senate approve much-needed aid for Flint. Time for the House to do the same. -H
Hillarys live at @CHCI. Tune in to hear about her vision for an inclusive America.
I believe with all my heart that the American Dream is alive, and its big enough for everyone to share its promise. Hillary to @CHCI
"Youre not intruders. Youre our neighbors, our colleagues, our friends, our families...I see you, and I am with you." Hillary to @CHCI
"I intend to close my campaign the way I began my career: fighting for kids and families..it will be the passion of my presidency." Hillary
It's wrong when Latinos are 17% of our population and hold only 2% of its wealth.We've got to connect more Latinos with good jobs.
Supporting families with paid family leave, earned sick days, and affordable child care isnt a luxuryits a necessity.
"We have a chance to show that comprehensive immigration reform isnt just the smart thing to doits what the American people demand."
No child should have to say goodbye to their parents every morning not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.
Despite what Donald Trump may say, immigrants are not rapists and criminals.
America is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for people who look or worship a certain way.
Donald Trump still refuses to say @POTUS was born in America. And this man wants to be our president?When will he stop this ugliness?
Trump is running the most divisive campaign of our lifetimes.Theres no innuendo or dog whistles anymore. Its all out in the open now.
Donald Trump still refuses to admit President Obama was born in the United States.
The polls are closer than ever, and the stakes couldn't be higher. Chip in today.
"When Im under the weather, I can afford to take a few days off. Millions of Americans cant." Hillary in NC today:
President Obamas successor cannot and will not be the man who led the racist birther movement. Period.
Remember: Trump, the Birther-in-Chief, still refuses to even release his own tax returns and real medical records.
Watch Hillary speak live at the Black Women's Agenda Symposium:
What Trump just did is a disgrace.
Again, Trump turns his faults on others. Psychologists call it "projecting." Kids call it "I'm rubber, you're glue."
On National Prisoners of War Remembrance Day, a POW shares what it means when Trump insults veterans.
.@FLOTUS is on the trail for Hillary. Tune in to watch her live from Virginia:
I am thrilled to be here today to support the next president and vice president of the United States, Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine! @FLOTUS
"When it comes to the qualifications we should demand in a president...we need someone whos going to take this job seriously. @FLOTUS
"The presidency doesnt change who you are. It reveals who you are. And the same thing is true of a presidential campaign." @FLOTUS
"Hillary has the resilience it takes to do this job, see when she gets knocked downshe gets right back up. @FLOTUS
We have an opportunity to elect one of the most qualified people who has ever endeavored to become president. @FLOTUS on Hillary
"Elections aren't just about who votes, but who doesn't vote." @FLOTUS:
"Your decision will determine who sits in the Oval Office after Barack Obama. @FLOTUS
Youve got to get yourself and everyone you know registered to vote today. @FLOTUS:
The choice that you make on November 8 will determine whether you can afford college tuition. @FLOTUS:
On November 8, you will decide whether we have a president who believes in science and will fight climate changeor not. @FLOTUS
"We deserve a presidentwho believes that each of us is part of the American story, and were always stronger together. @FLOTUS
Donald Trump spent five years lying about @POTUS's citizenship. He cant just take that back.
Donald Trump has spent years peddling lies about President Obama.And that didn't stop today.
Trump's habit of projecting his actions onto someone else is what 6-year-olds call "I know you are, but what am I?"
126 things Donald Trump has said and done that should disqualify his candidacy:
The brave men and women who have served our country deserve better than Donald Trump.
It's great to be back on the campaign trail.
Its time for Donald Trump to be held to the same standard of disclosure as any other major party nominee.
9 times Donald Trump accused Hillary of doing the terrible things he, himself, actually did:
Take it from @FLOTUS: This election is too important to sit out. Register to vote:
Hillary's been her childhood pen pal, her graduation cheering section, and her friend. Meet Aleatha:
"Were siding with students and with every American seeking an affordable college degree." @TimKaine
Any of these examples proves that Donald Trump is unfit to be president.
Let's be clear: Nothingincluding an auditis preventing Trump from releasing his tax returns.
Trump went to Flint to draw attention to the city's lead poisoning crisisbut he just made a spectacle of himself.
"I want you to know that I see you, and Im with you." Hillary to the Latino community at @CHCI
So how exactly did Donald Trump build his own bank account?On the backs of American taxpayers:
This year, Janelle beat breast cancer with the support of her family, friends, and a presidential candidate.
Presidential.
Tune in now to watch Hillary speak to the @OfficialCBC:
If you want to go to college or are saddled with student debt, you'll want to read what @TimKaine has to say:
In a normal election, these 126 things would disqualify Trump from becoming president:
We have to face the world as it is but commit ourselves to turning it into what it should be. Hillary
So what exactly is Donald Trump hiding from voters? Pretty much everything.
"Read up on your history. It matters. We've got to get people to vote." @POTUS:
Joel Sollender, WWII veteran and POW, on what it means when he hears Trump insult our vets.
"I strongly condemn the apparent terrorist attacks in Minnesota, New Jersey, and New York."
It wasn't so long ago that women faced and took down barriers that can seem ridiculous now.
Next week, Hillary will walk on stage for the first presidential debate. Chip in now for the chance to be there:
"Progress is on the ballot.Tolerance is on the ballot.Democracy is on the ballot.Justice is on the ballot."
Congratulations on your Emmy, Kate! Big fan of yours, too.
Grateful for our brave men and women serving in the @USAirForce and their families. Happy birthday, USAF!
"We have got to do everything we can to make sure that Hillary Clinton is elected president." @BernieSanders
"Like all Americans, my thoughts are with those who were wounded, their families, and our first responders Hillary on this weekends attacks
Our next president needs to have the right temperament to meet the challenges we face.
This threat is real, but so is our resolve. Americans will not cower. We will prevail. Hillary
Im Hillary Clinton and Ive always approved this message.
50 days to go. Don't miss Hillary live from @TempleUniv:
"The lesson she passed on to me was simple but powerful: No one gets through life alone." Hillary on her mom
Find out how much Hillary's college plan will save you:
Lets make clear that love trumps hatenot just this November, but always.
Be a voter. Check your registration and help your friends do the same
"Everyone who wants to go to college should be able to without drowning in debt." Hillary
America has never made progress by thinking one person alone can fix our problems.
Barack Obama said progress is on the ballot this November. This economic data shows hes right.
Nobody in America should have to forgo a higher education because they can't afford it.
"You want to give me a good send-off? Go vote. Barack Obama:
Catch @FallonTonight at 11:35pm ET to see letters from some of Hillary's biggest fans.
"The voice of your vote is the greatest voice we have." @NyleDiMarco
Donald Trump is using his foundationfunded by other people's moneyto settle lawsuits.
Another unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do. #TerenceCrutcher -H
It's time to tell @WellsFargo that Wall Street works for Main Streetnot the other way around.
Donald hasn't given his own money to the Trump Foundation since 2008but it's still paying his bills.
Trumps calls to torture and mistreat prisoners go against the very values we are fighting to defend. Were better than this.
Help get out the vote for Hillary (plus, get a free sticker when you sign up!):
"You can leave this ad mutedthere's nothing to hear." @NyleDiMarco
On this day in 1973, tennis champion Billie Jean King defeated Bobby Riggs in the Battle of the Sexes.
Four months from today, our next president will walk into the Oval Office.Help make sure it's not Donald Trump:
A real headline about the Republican nominee: "Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems."
FACT: Donald Trump used his charitable foundation to purchase *multiple* six-foot-tall paintings of himself.
Have student debt? Planning for college?See how much money Hillary's plan would save you:
Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H
Every student should be able to graduate from college without taking on any debt.
Live from Orlando: Watch Hillary share her plan for building an inclusive economy that helps everyone get ahead
A disability shouldn't define your future.At @ChildDefender, Hillary helped give kids the chance to succeed.
We need a president who sees the best in all of us.
.@TimKaine is more than just a great running matehe's a great guy to have as a friend, too.
Going to bat for kids who are too often counted out has always been a priority for Hillary.
"You would think there is almost, like, something wrong." Donald Trump on Mitt Romney failing to release his tax r
No child should ever have to grow up in poverty, yet far too many do. We have to do better. Here's how:
Trump should have to answer exactly why he refuses to believe that @POTUS is American.
Donald Trump is really good at spending other people's moneyon:Legal settlements.Payoffs.Portraits of himself.
"I think this is the most important election in my lifetime." @ChelseaClinton takes the  in this week's podcast:
"Donald Trump doesn't see people like me, he only sees disability. I honestly feel bad for someone with so much hat
Most people who are bullies grow out of it. Donald Trump hasn't.
The man who could be your next president may be deeply indebted to another country. Do you trust him to run ours?
Very concerned about the outage in Puerto Rico and the millions of families who don't have power. Hoping it's resto
Donald Trump's ties to Russia may conflict with America's interestsbut they're great for his bottom line.
Let's make sure nobody who works full-time in America has to live in poverty.
"I really regret doing this." Hillary on Between Two Ferns
"Vote." @Lin_Manuel
Our favorite moments from Hillary's appearance on Between Two Ferns
"He's 70 years old, and he's still a bully." Karen on @realDonaldTrump
Is this the president we want for our daughters?
When Donald Trump speaks about women, our daughters can hear him.
"She gives us hope for the future. She's our girl."  Roxie, co-owner of @MercersDairy, on Hillary
Charlotte should release police video of the Keith Lamont Scott shooting without delay. We must ensure justice and work to bridge divides. -H
Addiction is a diseasenot a moral failing. We should support those who are struggling with it. #OpioidAwarenessWeek
"Hillary Clinton would make a sober, smart and pragmatic president. Donald Trump would be a catastrophe." @LATimes
"Donald Trump committed perjury. Or he looked into the faces of the Republican faithful and knowingly lied."
"I was just blown away by this 9-year-old girl." Hillary on meeting disability rights advocate @AnastasiaSomoza
Republicans are once again turning their backs on the people of Flint who have waited far too long for help. It's w
If the young women of this country have Donald Trump as their president, what will they think of themselves?
"Hillary Clinton is one of the best prepared candidates to seek the presidency." @LATimes
Donald Trump doesn't see people like Anastasiahe only sees disability.
RT if you believe that #LoveTrumpsHateThen make sure you're registered to vote:
We know all too well who Donald Trump is. Let's make sure he never becomes president:
"A lifetimes commitment to solving problems in the real world qualifies Hillary Clinton for this job." @NYTimes
Hillary's been fighting for women and girls her entire careerand she's just getting started.
"I thought, this womanI want to ride with her." Roxie, a Republican and small business owner, on meeting Hillary
"Our choice, Hillary Clinton, has a record of service and a raft of pragmatic ideas." @NYTimes endorsing Hillary
The new @NMAAHC is an overdue tribute to African American history. Let's build a more open, inclusive future by reflecting on our past. -H
"Our endorsement is rooted in respect for her intellect, experience, toughness and courage." @NYTimes on Hillary
Meet three women who inspired Hillary to become the person she is today:
Not one living president has said they believe Donald Trump has what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief.
Gold Star families have made sacrifices most of us can't even fathom. They deserve our respect and our thanks.
7 ways Hillary's policies would help you in your daily life:
Our veterans and their families deserve a president who doesn't disrespect and disparage their sacrifices.
"[Hillary] is one of the most qualified people ever to run for the office, and she easily earns our endorsement.
Imagine Donald Trump sitting in the Situation Room making life or death decisions on behalf of the United States.
Let's send Donald Trumpand the worlda clear message.  #LoveTrumpsHate
59 years ago, 9 brave students integrated Central High School, changing the course of history. Let's recommit to fi
Today, the sacrifices of Gold Star families weigh heavier on my mind. Thank you. I will fight to get you the care and benefits you deserve. -H
When we come together, there's no problem we can't solve and no divide we can't heal.
RT this if you've got Hillary's back tonight. #Debates2016
Trump can't win tonight's debate by lying to the American people.
Not a single living president has endorsed Donald Trump.
Our daughters deserve better.
"Donald Trump is a man who dwells in bigotry, bluster and false promises." @NYTimes  #DebateNight
A reminder heading into tonight's debate. #DebateNight
Tonight, Hillary will debate Trump for the first time. Follow @TheBriefing2016 to make sure he's held accountable to the facts. #DebateNight
Everything you need to know before watching tonight's debate:
These headlines on Trump's lies are from just one week of his campaign.Imagine four years of his presidency.
"Our presidents are role models for generations of our children. Is this the example we want for them?" @NYTimes
Trump told 31 outright lies just last week.Keep him honest at tonight's debate: Follow @TheBriefing2016 to get th
Watch this before you watch tonight's debate. #DebateNight
Here are 35 questions Trump still needs to answer.  #DebateNight
You didnt blame Little John or Meat Loaf. You fired Gary Busey.These are the kinds of decisions that would keep
Hillarys set to take the debate stage at 9pm ET.Here's where you can watch:  #DebateNight
No matter what Donald says at tonight's debate, we already know the real Trump.Follow @TheBriefing2016 for the fa
If you're with Hillary, now's the time to show it. Chip in before tonight's debate to have her back:  #DebateNight
Let's do this. #DebateNight
Watch live: Hillary takes the stage for the first presidential debate   #DebateNight
We have to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. #DebateNight
There's only one candidate on stage who will support working families. #DebateNight
Having a small business owner for a dad may not get you multi-million-dollar bailouts, but it does teach you the va
Every time Trump makes a show of railing against outsourcing, remember the countries he shipped jobs and profits to:
Economists project that Trumps plans would add more than $5,000,000,000,000 to the national debt. That's "trillion" with a "T."
"That's called business." Donald Trump on the housing crash.For millions of Americans it was called "losing their home." #DebateNight
"I never said that." Donald Trump, who said that. #debatenight
We can step up and confront climate change, save our planet, and invest in clean energy. Or, we can do nothing.
Donald Trump may live in his own realitybut we've got his own words right here. Check them out:  #debatenight
No wonder Donald Trump is hiding his tax returns. #debatenight
Paying zero in taxes doesnt make you "smart."It makes you a tax evader.
"It's about time this country had somebody running it who has an idea about money." Trump #debatenight
"Maybe he didn't do a good job." Donald TrumpLooks like you loved it at the time. #DebateNight
We are not going to bring New Yorks unconstitutional stop-and-frisk program nationwide. #debatenight
Weve got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system and end private prisons. #DebateNight
The fact that Trump's answer to a question about racial injustice is just "we need law and order" pretty much says it all. #debatenight
Donald Trump is more concerned with pandering to the gun lobby than keeping families safe. #DebateNight
Still a complete lie. #DebateNight
President Obama was born in the United States. Hes American. Trump only has one reason for refusing to admit it. #debatenight
"Trump just criticized me for preparing for this debate. You know what else I prepared for? Being president." #DebateNight
Donald Trump's answer for his five years of pushing the racist birther conspiracy theory?"I say nothing." #debatenight
When a man is sued for discriminating against black tenants and pushes birtherism, he's giving you an idea of what kind of president he'd be.
When Donald Trump goes low, we go high. #DebateNight
What is the deal with Donald Trump and Russia?  #debatenight
"I hope the fact-checkers are turning up the volume. Donald Trump supported the invasion of Iraq.
This should go without saying: Taking nuclear war lightly is disqualifying for anyone seeking to be President of th
A man who can be provoked by a tweet should not have his hands anywhere near the nuclear codes. #DebateNight
.@realDonaldTrump: Barack Obama is your president too. #debatenight
Donald Trump's "cavalier attitude about nuclear weapons is so deeply troubling. #DebateNight
"When Donald Trump spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina." Hillary #debatenight
The woman Trump called Miss Piggy has a name: Alicia. #debatenight
When Donald Trump says he has a "winning temperament." #debatenight
Hillary just proved she's the only candidate who's ready to be president. Chip in now and let's go win this thing:
RT this if you're proud to be standing with Hillary tonight. #debatenight
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you're on her team all the way to Election Day. #debatenight
The presidency isn't a reality showit's as real as it gets. Make sure you're registered to vote:
Donald Trump called her "Miss Piggy" and "Miss Housekeeping."Her name is Alicia Machado. #DebateNight
#DebateNight
43 days left. Lets go win this thing:  #DebateNight
Only one person on last night's stage is prepared to be Commander-in-Chief. Make sure she gets the chance:
"I have a winning temperament." Donald Trump last night Really? #SheWon
Trump on Alicia, 1996: "Miss Piggy."This morning: "She gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem."
"Anyone who complains about microphone problems is not having a good night." Hillary #SheWon
One moment last night that provedagainthat Hillary's the only candidate ready to lead on the global stage:  #SheWon
Let me tell you who built this damn country: the middle class. @JoeBidenLet's keep building it, together:
"I'm glad Trump found out that Crimea was part of Ukraine. By the way, I heard he was on the verge of acknowledging gravity." @JoeBiden
"Register. Vote. Go out and get engaged! @JoeBiden #NationalVoterRegistrationDay
When you have a really, really good night. #SheWon
"She gained a massive amount of weight...it was a real problem." Trump this morning on Alicia Machado
Hillary was the winner of the first presidential debateand newspapers across America agree. #SheWon
Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate. And you know what else I prepared for?I prepared to be
Join Hillary live in NC for her first rally since winning last night's debate   #NationalVoterRegistrationDay
One candidate made it clear he wasnt prepared for last nights debate. The other made it clear shes prepared to b
It's #NationalVoterRegistrationDay. Celebrate by registering to vote
She gained about 55 pounds in...9 months. She was like an eating machine. Trump, a man who wants to be president:
Donald Trump lied to the American people at least 58 times during the first presidential debate. (We counted.)
When Donald Trump goes low...register to vote:
This election is too important to sit out. Go to  and make sure you're registered. #NationalVoterRegistrationDay -H
Both candidates were asked about how they'd confront racial injustice. Only one had a real answer.
If we stand together, there's nothing we can't do. Make sure you're ready to vote:
The question in this election: Who can put the plans into action that will make your life better?
20 years after Donald bullied a beauty pageant winner for her weight, the real "problem" is...still Donald.
No matter where you live, you can make sure you're registered to vote at
Thank you, @_VicenteFdez. You're right"su voz es su voto." So grateful to have your support. #JuntosSePuede
This election is a choice between an economy that benefits everyone or an economy that benefits...Donald Trump.
"Hillary and I have lost a true and treasured friend." @BillClinton and Hillary on the passing of Shimon Peres
In its 120-year history, @azcentral has never endorsed a Democrat.Here's why the paper just endorsed Hillary:
For forty years, every presidential candidate has released their tax returnsexcept for Trump. What's he hiding?
A man who bullies and shames a woman for her weight should never become president.
Trump's plan:Cut taxes for billionaires and millionaires like him.Raise taxes for millions of middle-class families.
"Whew, OK!
Tune in for a live conversation on making college affordable for all with Hillary and @BernieSanders at @UofNH
"Thank you, @BernieSanders. Thank you for your leadership and your support in this campaign. Hillary
We ran a campaign about issues, not insults. Hillary on her primary campaign with @BernieSanders:
"Im going to close my campaign the way I started my careerfighting for kids and families. Hillary
Paying for college shouldnt be the hardest part of going to college:
We should make public colleges tuition-free for working families and debt-free for everyone.
If you already have student debt, well help you refinance and pay it back as a percentage of your income.
Go to  to see how much Hillarys college plan could help you save.
You can go to  right now to make sure youre registered to vote.
Hillarys college plan will help students preparing for college, those already in school, and those paying off debt.
We are going to end the federal government making money off of lending money to get your education.
"The president commands our nuclear arsenal. Trump cant command his own rhetoric." @azcentral
"If a candidate regularly and flippantly makes cruel and insulting comments about women...that's who that candidate
With a mother in the Oval Office, we may finally catch up to the rest of the world on paid leave.
At Monday's debate, Trump denied saying a lot of the things he's said. Let's set the record straight.
"Hillary will be a president our kids can look up to." @FLOTUS
Donald Trump may lie, but the tape doesn't.
"Shes tough. She doesnt back down.Trump responds to criticism with the petulance of verbal spit wads."
Trump's plan wouldn't just cut taxes for rich peopleit would raise taxes for millions of middle-class families.
The images from the train derailment in NJ are horrifying. My prayers are with those who lost loved ones and the dozens who were injured. -H
Tune in now to watch Hillary kick off Iowa early voting live from Des Moines:
Trump appears to have broken the law and acted against our nation's interest, all so he could line his own pockets.
Barack and Michelle and Joe and Bernie and Elizabeth and You?
Glad to be back in Iowa today where it all began for the start of early voting. Find your polling place here:  -H
Born before women could vote, Ruline just cast her ballot for Hillary in Iowa today. Join her:
"I will not raise taxes on anyone making less than $250,000. Hillary
This is not me just going through the motions here.I really, really, really want to elect Hillary. @POTUS:
We have to face the hard truths about race in America.
"Men and women.Young and old.Gay and straight.Native-born and immigrant.That's who the hell we are."
Only one candidate in this election has actual plans to help middle-class families:
This is...unhinged, even for Trump. A few notes.
Hillarys speaking in Florida on her plan to expand opportunities for national service. Watch here:
Trump admits he "can't say" he treats women with respect.
Meet Hillary's lifelong friend, Betsy.
"My view is we are already great, and if we work together, we will become even greater in the years ahead. Hillary in Florida
Make sure @realDonaldTrump's bullying never reaches the White House. Chip in now:
.@BillClinton on pre-debate jitters (his) and Hillary's favorite TV shows, now playing on With Her:
When Ruline was born, women couldn't vote. Yesterday, at 103, she voted for Hillary. Make sure you're registered:
Trump wants to bring NYC's old, unconstitutional stop-and-frisk policyaka racial profilingto a city near you.
Donald Trump said he has "great respect" for women. His actions and words say otherwise.
Trump stood on a debate stage and lied to millions of Americans.Chip in to make sure he never becomes president:
It's 3:20am. As good a time as any to tweet about national service.
Nobody here was having fun except for Trump.
"I feel like I'm the political equivalent of the Antiques Roadshow." @BillClinton, now playing on With Her at
Great step forward by the Obama administration. Its past time for Congress to guarantee paid sick leave for everyo
"It was overwhelming, in every sense of that word." Betsy, Hillary's oldest friend, on casting the Illinois delega
Hillary teamed up with @BernieSanders on a plan to make college debt-free for all Americans.
This Republican dad is struggling with the idea of his daughter growing up in a country led by Donald Trump.
Don't boo. Vote!
We're going to make college debt-free for everyone in America. See how much you could save with Hillary's plan at
Shes just out there every day doing Gods work in her own way. You know? Making her parents proud. Betsy, Hilla
They're voting. Are you? Make sure you're registered:
Trump "apparently got to avoid paying taxes for nearly two decadeswhile tens of millions of working families paid
"We truly are stronger togetherand together, were going to make history."A note from Hillary:
.@TimKaine's favorite recordsand 13 other things you should know about America's next vice president:
Try our new tool! See how much you'd pay in federal income taxes if you paid the same as "billionaire" Donald Trump:
Now that's pretty rich coming from a guy who paid $0 in taxes for 18 years:
Reminder: While Trump probably pays no federal taxes, he wants a $4 billion tax break for his own family.
It would be reckless not to consider the damage Mr. Trump might wreak.@WashingtonPost:
L'Shana Tovah to everyone celebrating Rosh Hashanah! May the coming year be filled with sweetness and joy. -H
Real change happens when Americans come together to work toward a common goalwe'll make it easier to do that.
Donald Trump built numerous squandered businesses on the backs of taxpayersand he hasn't even paid his fair share.
"If she gets to be president, she wont waste a day." @BillClinton, now playing on With Her at
Donald Trump might have gone decades without paying taxesbut hes not afraid of telling other people to pay theirs.
Three pages of Trump's tax returns confirm he's a business failure who's gotten rich at your expense. Imagine what
"Let's register to vote, show up to the polls, and vote for Hillary Clinton." @KingJames:
Newspapers that have endorsed @realDonaldTrump:1. ...2. ...3. (Uh, the National Enquirer?)
"If she gets to be president, she wont waste a day." @BillClinton, now playing on With Her at
Donald Trump might have gone decades without paying taxesbut hes not afraid of telling other people to pay theirs.
Three pages of Trump's tax returns confirm he's a business failure who's gotten rich at your expense. Imagine what
"Let's register to vote, show up to the polls, and vote for Hillary Clinton." @KingJames:
Newspapers that have endorsed @realDonaldTrump:1. ...2. ...3. (Uh, the National Enquirer?)
According to @NYTimes, Trump may contribute less to our military and college students than the undocumented immigrants he wants to deport.
Can a man who lost $1 billion in one year, stiffed small businesses, and may have paid no taxes really claim he's "
"Hillary is running on the message of hope and unity that we need." @KingJames
In one week, Trump has:Lost a debateAttacked a woman at 5 am on TwitterHad his net worth downgradedand more:
"I knew then that she was destined for great things." An interview with Hillary's lifelong friend, Betsy Ebeling:
Millions of Americans work hard and pay their taxes. So why doesn't Donald Trump pay his?
Live from Toledo: Watch Hillary speak on her plan to make the economy work for everyonenot just those at the top.
It doesnt look like he paid a dime of federal income tax for almost two decades. Hillary on Trump
Trump's child care "plan" is really just a tax cut for the wealthywhile giving working families almost nothing.
Veterans who experience PTS are stronger than we'll ever understand. We owe them nothing short of world-class care:
Its Filipino American History Month, so lets honor their many contributionsfrom serving in WWII to strengthening our labor movement. -H
Hillarys speaking live in Akron, Ohio. Tune in now:
Trumps campaign is bragging that not paying taxes makes him a genius.
"Hillary has always been a champion for children and their futures." @KingJames
"She is far and away the choice for the presidency of the United States in 2016." @NYDailyNews
A person who implies that veterans suffering from PTS are not "strong" is unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. Period.
We had our best analysts create a calculator to see how much you'd pay in taxes if you paid the same as Trump:
.@TimKaine wears his "F" rating from the @NRA like a badge of honor.
Mike Pence: a divisive, anti-woman, anti-LGBT, anti-worker extremist. No wonder Trump picked him. #VPDebate
"I've known Hillary since September of 1958...we were just thinking of the next Nancy Drew book." Hillary's lifelo
Almost every newspaper that has endorsed a presidential candidate in the general election has endorsed Hillary.
8 things you should know about @TimKaine before tonight's debate.  #VPDebate
Imagine Donald Trump's most hateful rhetoric signed into law. Mike Pence's record shows that it could happen.
With 35 days left, Hillary's in PA talking about how she'll help kids and families. Join the conversation live
White people need to empathize and understand what its like for black parents to worry about their kids' safety.
Contributing nothing to our military, public schools, kids' health care, and more doesn't make you "smart."
Concerned for the millions of families in Hurricane Matthew's path. You can donate to help those in need here.  -H
Tonight, Mike Pence will either have to leave Trump out to dryor try to justify the things they both believe.
"Tim is a good man. Hes a true progressive. And he will make a great vice president." @POTUS on @TimKaine
Our veterans and military families deserve better than what Donald Trump says about them.
.@TimKaine is going to finish this campaign the same way he started his careerfighting for working families.
"He was a failure at businessand by wrecking his business, he wrecked the lives of his workers. Hillary on Trump
I learned that preparation is important. Hillary on what she learned by debating Donald Trump
Post-traumatic stress isn't something strong people can handle and weak people can't.Trumps comments aren't just ignorant, theyre harmful.
Before Mike Pence takes the debate stage to defend his running mate, remember the time Trump couldn't decide whethe
