Primarias en Connecticut, Maryland, Pensilvania, Delaware y Rhode Island. #EstoyConElla
Its Primary Day in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI. If youre with Hillary, add your name and make a plan to vote today:
Women deserve the same rights as men in every aspect of our economy and our societyat home and around the world.
Live in CT, DE, MD, PA, or RI? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place.
If our leaders won't stand up to the gun lobby, we need to hold them accountable.
We are not a post-racial society. We still struggle with racismand it's not only wrong, it's holding us back.
Polls close soon in CT, DE, MD, PA, and RI. Confirm where to go here, then head over:
Love this. Great to see Chobani sharing its success with the employees who helped make it possible. -H
Three answers from last nights @MSNBC town hall that you should see:
Thank you, Maryland.
We did it, Delaware!
Pennsylvania! Thanks to everyone who made this possible. This win is yours.
Vote by vote, state by state, this team is building something special. Thanks for believing. -H
Tonight's wins belong to every organizer, volunteer, donor, and supporter who've built this campaign. Thank you.
Watch live: Hillary speaks on tonight's primary results in Philadelphia.
"Were going to come back to Philadelphia...with the most votes and the most pledged delegates. Well unify our party to win this election.
More than 1.1 million have donated.Chip in now to join this team:
Americans are hungry for solutions. They dont just want us to diagnose problems, they want us to solve them.
"Our campaign is about restoring peoples confidence in our ability to solve problems together" Hillary
Whether you support Senator Sanders or you support me, theres much more that unites us than divides us. Hillary
"We can build on a strong progressive tradition from Franklin Roosevelt to Barack Obama." Hillary
"We all agree that wages are too low and inequality is too high. That Wall Street can never again be allowed to threaten Main Street."
Civil rights and voting rights.Workers rights and womens rights.LGBT rights and rights for people with disabilities.Let's defend them all.
If fighting for womens health care and paid family leave and equal pay is playing the woman card, then deal me in. Hillary
Imagine a tomorrow where instead of building walls, were breaking down barriers. Hillary
"Imagine a tomorrow where...love trumps hate. Hillary
"Lets go forward. Lets win the nomination." Hillary
Thanks to you, victory is in sight. Pitch in $1, and let's go win this nomination:
Text IMWITHHER to 47246 to tell Hillary you've got her back.
Thank you, Connecticut.
Imagine a tomorrow where hard work is honored, families are supported, communities are strong, and love trumps hate.
Caught your speech, @realDonaldTrump. About that "woman's card"...
"That is how progress gets made: We have to be both dreamers and doers." Hillary last night in PA
Fighting for women's health care, equal pay, and paid leave.Or as Donald Trump says, playing the "woman's card."
Civil rights and voting rights.Workers rights and womens rights.Let's defend them all.
Donald Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric goes against everything we stand for.
After a week of reports that Trump would change his tone heading into the general election, once again he's letting his true colors show.
Donald Trump's foreign policy isn't just offensive, it's dangerous.
Yikes.
The U.S. has 5% of the world's women but nearly 30% of its women prisoners. The consequences are devastating.
Turning away Muslims, pitting Americans against each other, inciting violence and chaosthese aren't our values.
"Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks." @realDonaldTrump
Capt. Kristen Griest is about to become the Army's first female infantry officer. Well done.  -H
Candidate Trump opposes equal pay, paid leave, and Planned Parenthood.President Trump? Same.
.@jimmyfallon: Does Donald Trump intimidate you?Hillary: No. #TBT
#TBT to 2008 when Hillary helped make emergency contraception available over the counter:
Couldn't agree more, @PattyMurray. It's time for Republicans to address this threat:  -H
Fact: Donald Trump said women should be punished for seeking an abortion.
Hate isn't an American value.
If fighting for women is "playing the #WomanCard," what card is Trump playing?
Want one? Chip in now:  #WomanCard
Conoce alguno de los logros de Hillary Clinton a travs de los aos.
If you see bigotry, oppose it. If you see violence, condemn it. If you see a bully, stand up to him.
What can we do to fight the Zika threat? Hillary answers on @Quora:
An entire deck of woman cards? Deal us in.
Get your own #WomanCard*:  not include a 21% discount on your purchases.
Estas son las promesas de Trump. As podra ser su presidencia.
Lower wages! No paid family leave! Limited access to health care! Just some of the perks of your #WomanCard:
If you see a bully, stand up to him.
There's a lot more that unites us than divides us.
Crees que cuando sea presidenta, le van a pagar lo mismo que le pagaran si fuera un hombre?
The #WomanCard?Fighting for women's rights is a card we'd play any day.
If standing up for women is playing the #WomanCard...
Raise the minimum wage.Ensure paid leave.Protect union rights.If we want to raise incomes, we have to stand with workers. #MayDay
Donald Trump is closer than ever to clinching the GOP nomination. There's only one candidate who has more votes.
"Shes battle tested, shes got a dirty uniform, and thats who you want fighting for your kids future.
This #APAHM, let's celebrate the tremendous contributions from Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders to our country.
Watch live: Hillary addresses the 61st annual @NAACP dinner in Detroit
Let America be that great strong land of love. That is more than poetrythats a prayer. Hillary quoting Langston Hughes
Race still plays a significant role in determining who gets ahead in America and who gets left behind." Hillary
"Somethings wrong when the median wealth for black families is just a tiny fraction of that for white families." Hillary
Somethings wrong when so many black parents are burying their children. Hillary
We should be making it easier to vote, not harder. The attacks on voting rights have to end.
Health care.Education.Criminal justice.Equal pay.Tackling racial injustice means tackling them all:
"Systemic racism, inter-generational poverty, gun violencethese arent somebody elses problems. These are our problems." Hillary
"We cannot let Barack Obamas legacy fall into Donald Trumps hands." Hillary
"Lets keep going together.Lets organize and mobilize.Lets make sure that love trumps hate." Hillary
If we're going to build strong communities and help our kids succeed, we need to respect working parents.
Puerto Rico faces an economic crisis. Continued inaction from Congress is irresponsible. We should act now:  -H
Hillary ha demostrado que ella es la nica candidata preparada para enfrentarse a desafos y lograr resultados.
Paid family leave isn't a luxury. Families shouldn't have to choose between eating and caring for loved ones.
When we stand together against the other side's hateful words, we all rise.
We can't let all the progress we've made under @POTUS be torn away by Donald Trump.Let's move forwardtogether.
When it comes to love and kindness, @AndraDayMusic puts it best.
Hoosiers, head to the polls today. RT this if youre voting for Hillary.
Let's act on coal miner safety so people like Don Blankenship are held accountable for blatantly disregarding it.
What kind of president would Leslie Knope be? "Full speed ahead!"
Live in Indiana? Go vote: Hillary needs you. Text WHERE to 47246 to find your polling place.
Watch live: Hillarys speaking in Ohio on her plans to create jobs and grow our economy:
Theres no question that the workers of Appalachia made America more prosperous and secure, and that legacy should be honored. Hillary
Even if people dont vote for me in November, Im going to be for them and for you every single day.
Well create more good-paying jobs by investing in locally-driven projects and infrastructure improvements.
Having a good job is about so much more than getting a paycheck. Its about dignity and a sense of purpose." Hillary
Revitalizing Appalachia means investing in education and trainingfrom pre-K to college to vocational and retraining programs.
Drug abuse, alcohol abuse and suicide are all on the rise across Appalachia. HillaryHer plan to address it:
What is the other side offering? Unfortunately, its the same old trickle-down economics that failed us before. Hillary
Donald Trumps tax plan would give $3.2 trillion to millionaires and billionaires.Ted Cruz would give them even more.We can't afford that.
We dont have time to waste on Trump's fake solutions that wont do a thing to help your families.
Were going to build a future that will take advantage of the talents and the hard work of every single one of our children. Hillary
Thrilled by this news. Every loving parent, no matter who they are, can now adopt kids in all 50 states.  -H
Its Primary Day, Indiana. If youre a Hoosier for Hillary, vote today:
"We're not going to be counted out anymore." Hillary on @realDonaldTrump's disparaging comments toward women
Our teachers deserve more than just a pat on the back. They deserve a raise. #TeacherAppreciationDay
Donald Trump is the presumptive @GOP nominee.Chip in now if you agree we can't let him become president:
"As he goes after women, as he goes after literally every group, I'm going to be their voice." Hillary on Trump
There's only one candidate left who can stop a Trump presidency.Chip in now if you've got Hillary's back:
We know Donald Trump is not who we are. If you want to shut him down, then lets vote him down.
"Everything I say, I'm going to do, folks." TrumpHere's what the presumptive @GOP nominee would do as president.
"Unity versus division, compassion versus selfishness, and love versus hate. The stakes dont get much higher."
"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running the country." Hillary to @AndersonCooper
"He's a loose cannon, and loose cannons tend to misfire." Hillary on @realDonaldTrump:
"They couldn't take him on on the issues because they basically agreed with him." Hillary on Trump's @GOP rivals:
"President Trump" is a dangerous proposition.Mitt Romney, Ted Cruz, and Marco Rubio agree.
Stonewall: the birthplace of a movement, and soon a national monument for equality.  #ThanksObama
"I don't think we can take a risk on a loose cannon like Donald Trump running our country." Hillary
Trump just stood by his proposals to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. and deport millions of immigrants. Seriously.
Love this, Ellen. Where can I get one? -H
The Republican Party is now the party of Trump. Here's what it stands for.
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, we remember the millions of lives lost and rededicate ourselves to fighting hate and intolerance everywhere.
We need the strongest team to take on Donald Trump and the GOP in November. Apply to join @HFA today:
Trump es el presunto nominado del Partido Republicano. No podemos dejar que su retrica odiosa y peligrosa se acerque a la Casa Blanca.
President Trump?Nope:
Republicans agree: Donald Trump is reckless, dangerous, and divisive.
"Do you still believe that Muslims should be banned from entering the country?"@realDonaldTrump: "Yes."
They say your friends reflect who you really are...
"I want more Americans to believe again we are all in this together."
"Everything I say I'm gonna do, folks, I do."What Trump says he'll do as president: deport millions of immigrants.
I love Hispanics! Trump, 52 minutes ago  gonna be deported. Trump, yesterday
Trump podra ser tu prximo Comandante del Ejrcito. Cmo es su visin sobre la poltica exterior? Irresponsable.
Last night, Trump stood by his plans to ban Muslims from entering the U.S. and deport millions of immigrants.
FACT: Donald Trump would end birthright citizenship.
5.5 million kids in the U.S. have at least one undocumented parent. Trump's deportations would hurt them the most.
We should be fighting to keep families together, not rip them apart.
Comprehensive immigration reform will bring people out of the shadows and into our economy.
We cannot let Donald Trump become the next president.
Volkswagen workers in TN are raising their voices for the rights they deserve. VW should meet them at the table. -H
This is the man the @GOP has selected to be their nominee for president.
We're not going to round up millions of immigrants and deport themno matter how many times Trump says he wants to.
We asked a dozen people how they feel about a Donald Trump presidency.They werehonest.
Are you a Republican who thinks @realDonaldTrump should not become president?Tell us why:
Imaginemos un maana en el que ningn nio crezca bajo las sombras de la discriminacin o la deportacin.
"I get along with everybody." @realDonaldTrumpAbout that...
Substance abuse and drug addiction hurt our kids, friends, neighbors, and loved ones. We've got to solve this.
62 reasons why Donald Trump should never become president (from members of his own party).
Son of a Pakistani bus driver, champion of workers' rights and human rights, and now Mayor of London. Congrats, @SadiqKhan. -H
In 1970, Diane Crump rode her way into history at the #KentuckyDerby, becoming the first woman to compete.
Preguntamos a varios neoyorquinos sobre Donald Trumpy estas fueron sus reacciones.
.@realDonaldTrump would force all schools to allow guns in classroomson his first day in office.Seriously.
New #MadeForHistory designs from @DVF and @evafehren. Get them before they're gone
Happy Mother's Day to Charlotte's mom, and my wonderful daughter, @ChelseaClinton. -H
"She was determined to give me and my brothers opportunities far beyond anything she'd known." Hillary on her mom
"It's only been an incredible gift." Hillary talks about becoming a grandmother and watching Chelsea become a mom.
Here's what you can do to make sure @realDonaldTrump never reaches the White House:
Donald Trump could be our next Commander-in-Chief. Here's who thinks that's a good idea.
When Hillary introduced this innovative preschool program to Arkansas families, it spread across the nation.
"Making America a more just nation requires honest talk about policies that can lift up those still hurting."
Live on Facebook: Hillary leads a roundtable discussion with working families in Virginia. Watch
"If you have a mother, a wife, a sister, a daughter who is working, it affects you" Hillary on equal pay for women:
"Applying [Trump's] idea to the United States would destroy the economy." @VoxDotCom
Women earn just $0.79 for every $1 men do.That's a problem for all of us.
Americans need a raise.
"Trump is floating an insane idea that would tank the American economy." @businessinsider
"I would borrow knowing that if the economy crashed, I could make a deal." @realDonaldTrump
West Virginians, head to the polls today. RT this if youre voting for Hillary.
No family should have to pay more than 10% of its income on child care.
A woman told Hillary she was fired after losing her baby: "What happened to you was not only wrongit's illegal."
Hillary's in Kentucky today talking with families about child care. Tune in to watch live:
Quality, affordable child care isn't a luxury for the few. It's a necessity that too many Americans are struggling to achieve.
A Kentucky parent earning the minimum wage spends 40% of their income on child care.Let's make sure no family has to spend more than 10%.
While families are struggling to pay for child care, Donald Trump actually argued that Americans are being paid too much.
"Enough is enough. Its time we make quality child care affordable for all working families." Hillary
Cuatro cosas que puedes hacer ahora mismo para evitar una presidencia de Trump.
If Trump had his way, the federal minimum wage would be $0.
Detroit's public schools are in crisis, and we need solutions that include teachers and parents:  -H
In many states, child care is even more expensive than college tuition. Let's make it affordable for every family.
We need to raise the minimum wage, lift millions of families out of poverty, and make the economy work for everyone.
It's been a banner week for @realDonaldTrump...
Millions of families struggle to afford quality child care.It's time they got some help.
"[The LGBT community's] progress is not only safe in her hands, it will continue." @washblade endorsing Hillary:
When women are paid less, they're also short-changed in saving for retirement and contributing to Social Security. We've got to change this.
Donald Trump's tax plan:1. Cut taxes for the wealthiest Americans2. Saddle the rest of the country with the debt
Trump's policies that affect women are even more offensive than his comments on womenand that's saying something.
Its hard to imagine how were going to lift up families if we don't raise the national minimum wage.
This election isnt a reality show.
Under Trump's tax plan, the wealthiest 0.1% of Americans would get more tax relief than the bottom 60% combined.
"I am the king of debt, I do love debt, I love playing with it." @RealDonaldTrump
Donald Trump has released just one detailed proposal: a tax plan written by billionaires, for billionaires.
80% of a child's brain is formed before the age of 3. Early childhood education could not be more important.
"Ive been called many things by many people. 'Quitter' is not one of them." #TBT
"We want to bring unity to the Republican party." @realDonaldTrumpGood luck with that.
Sybrina, you and all mothers of gun violence victims have taught us hate will never win. Thinking of you today.  -H
Trump stood by his proposed Muslim ban just last week. Now he's trying to backpedal. Don't let him.
"I dont want Americans to feel left out and left behind. I want the American Dream to be alive and well." Hillary
Who benefits from Donald Trump's tax plan? Billionaires like Donald Trump.
Nurses care for our families like their own. It's time we returned the favor. #InternationalNursesDay
Hillary's advice to @Wellesley graduates in 1992: "Throw yourself into the world, and make your voice count." #TBT
You can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep.
Even Republicans can't come to terms with the idea of "President Trump."
Youre gonna make the same if you do as good a job. Donald Trump on women and equal pay
It's a simple idea: Those who have benefited the most from our economy should pay their fair share in taxes.
"The annual cost of child care is higher than a years tuition at the average 4 year public college." @glamourmag
We can do a lot to help working parents. Join a Facebook Q and A on Hillary's new child care plan at 3pm ET:
Happening now  join @HFA senior policy advisors (and working moms) for a Q and A on child care and work/life balance:
We've got to do everything we can to make it easier for people like Frankie to reach their potential.
Donald Trump wants to spend $3 trillion (yes, with a T) on tax cuts for people like him.
FACT: Donald Trump would force schools to allow guns in classrooms on his first day in office.
Worried about a Trump presidency? Here are four things you can do to prevent it:
Made a new friend in Ohio.
Hillary was @Wellesley's first student commencement speaker in 1969. Read the speech:
8 ways we can give middle-class families a raise, not one of which is cutting taxes for billionaires.
"What can we do for women that doesn't make them a liability because they're pregnant?"
Incomes havent gone up for most Americans in about 15 years. Weve got to fix that.
"Implementar la idea [de Trump] a los Estados Unidos destruira la economa" @VoxDotCom
In politics and in life, ignorance is not a virtue. @POTUS
Every presidential nominee since 1976 has released their tax returns, but Trump has refused.
The American auto industry just had its best year ever. So yes, we can bring American manufacturing back.
Whenever you read about Trump's reckless foreign policy, imagine him in the Situation Room.
Trump empez su campaa diciendo que los mexicanos son "violadores" y traen drogas y crimen.No se ha detenido.
Every woman, no matter where she works, deserves birth control coverage. This shouldn't be a question. #SCOTUS -H
Weve got to stop giving companies incentives to move jobs overseas.  #MadeInAmerica
Conoce cmo Hillary ha luchado durante varias dcadas por las familias, mujeres y nios.
Making it harder to vote goes against everything we stand for as Americans. Why would you brag about it?
Being president isn't like being on a reality show.We can't afford a candidate who treats it like one.
It's Primary Day for Kentucky and Oregon. RT this if youre voting for Hillary.
Does Trump pay his fair share in taxes? As long as he keeps refusing to release his tax returns, voters won't know.
62 years after Brown v. Board, we still have too many segregated schools. We have to ensure equal opportunity for all of our kids.
Who benefits from Trump's tax plan?Billionairesand millionaires like him.
For too many families, paychecks aren't stretching as far as they used to. Let's change that.
On the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia, let's recommit to ending violence and hate against LGBT people worldwide.
Latest reckless idea from Trump: gut rules on Wall Street, and leave middle-class families out to dry.
We just won Kentucky! Thanks to everyone who turned out. Were always stronger united.
Hillary just won Kentucky, but this election is just getting started. Chip in now if you've got her back:
Thanks for having our back, Kentucky.
It's middle-class families that need a raisenot millionaires and billionaires.
Let's make it easier to raise a family in America.
Thank you, @POTUS, for making sure millions of Americans receive the overtime pay they deserve. -H
.@realDonaldTrump doesn't want you to see what's in his tax returns. Wonder why that could be?
The first openly gay leader of a U.S. military brancha milestone we can all be proud of. Congrats, @SECARMY.
America has always been about working together to get things done.
Los trabajadores no han recibido un aumento en aosHillary tiene un plan para subir los salarios.
(It's only Wednesday.)
Two Kentucky churches came together for a special service.
"Speaking is hard for me, but come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President." @GabbyGiffords
Donald Trump named 11 judges he would consider nominating to the Supreme Court.Here's what's at stake.
Today's Senate vote is a necessary step to combat the spread of Zikabut it's not enough. Republicans in Congress should fully fund this. -H
We can't sit by while extreme politicians attack women's basic rights. Not only is this unconstitutionalit's wrong.
"We have to put everything we can toward the goal of defeating ISIS, protecting ourselves, our friends, and our partners." Hillary on @CNN
"It sends a message of disrespect and makes the situation inside those countries more difficult." Hillary on Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric
"Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?" @ChrisCuomo"No, I do not." Hillary
"When you run for president of the United States, the entire world is watching. Hillary on @realDonaldTrump's dangerous rhetoric
"I know how hard this job is. You need steadiness as well as strength and smarts... Donald Trump is not qualified." Hillary on @CNN
"The threat that Donald Trump poses is so dramatic to our country, to our democracy." Hillary on @CNN
Im going after him exactly on those issues and statements that are divisive and dangerous. Hillary on @realDonaldTrump
"Trump took out a field that couldnt criticize him on issues because they fundamentally agreed with him." Hillary on the GOP primary
"Everybody gets knocked down in life. The real test is whether you get back up, dust yourself off, and keep going." Hillary
Question: "Do you think Donald Trump is qualified to be president?""No, I do not." Hillary
The safety of our kids is more important than the interests of the NRA. Our leaders should act like it.
Un recordatorio importante.
If you cite supporting torture and hosting pageants as foreign policy "qualifications," your definition needs work.
"Investing in the health and education of women...is essential to improving global prosperity." Hillary #TBT
Donald Trump's plan to ban Muslims from entering the United States will make defeating terrorists more difficult.
A candidate who roots for his own gain at the expense of American families isn't just heartless. He's disqualified.
An estimated 1 in 4 people in Puerto Rico could get Zika this year.Here's what we can do to combat this threat:
Is Hillary qualified to be president?Take this helpful quiz to find out:
Dear Congress,Let's get this done.Thanks,The vast majority of Americans
We need a president who will unite leaders around the world to defeat ISIS, not one who insults and alienates them.
Congratulations on becoming a U.S. citizen, Alicia. Enjoy casting that vote.
You're wrong, @realDonaldTrump. We can uphold Second Amendment rights while preventing senseless gun violence.
The United States presidency requires steadiness as well as strength and smarts.Donald Trump is not qualified.
Hillary nerds out with a nurse in New Jersey.
Republican lawmakers in Oklahoma voted to make it a felony to perform an abortion:
Hillary Clinton tiene un plan para que todos puedan salir adelante.
Too many moms have to go back to work too soon after giving birth.
Donald Trump is questioning Hillary's qualifications to be president. Let's dig into that.
This week, Donald Trump proved just how dangerous he'd be as president.
Para muchos, los ingresos ya no rinden tanto como antes.
We can't accept this as "normal." #StopGunViolence
These moms want to make sure no other family has to lose a child to senseless violence.
"I believe we have a moral obligationto stand up against systematic racism." Hillary at the @TTMFoundation dinner
"Unlike Donald Trump, I will not pander to the gun lobby. We will not be silenced and we will not be intimidated." Hillary
Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, for as long as you can.
Mentiroso", "fraude", xenfobo" y otras cosas que lderes republicanos dicen sobre Trump.
Education should be about building a brighter future, not a lifetime of debt.
There are too many parents across the country with stories like this one.
"She taught me resilience, courage, and the power of love and kindness." Hillary on her mom
Unions helped build the middle class, so when Republicans attack unions, they're attacking millions of Americans.
Tune in to watch Hillary address the 2016 @SEIU International Convention.
"You are often unsung heroes. And I want you to know this: Your fights are my fights." Hillary to @SEIU members in Detroit
The labor movement pioneered the basic bargain that made America great: If you work hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead.
Donald Trump thinks Americans are being paid too much and has hired union-busting firms to break up organizing campaigns on his properties.
"If fighting for equal pay, paid family leave, and affordable child care is playing the 'woman card,' then deal me in" Hillary to the @SEIU
The only thing standing between Donald Trump and the Oval Office is all of us. Hillary
"The lesson of our history, through good times and hard times, is that were stronger together." Hillary
A Donald Trump presidency would pull us backward on nearly every issue we care about.We can't let that happen.
We can't defeat ISIS with bigotry and bluster.
There's so much more that unites us than divides us. It's time to come together to stop Donald Trump.
Millions of Americans lost jobs and homes in the 2008 crash. A man who hoped for it has no business being president.
The 2008 crash caused millions of Americans to lose their jobs and homes.In 2006, Trump rooted for it to happen.
When Trump got his wish for a housing crash, millions of Americans lost their homes.This guy can't be president.
Right before the housing market crashed, @realDonaldTrump said he hoped it would happenbecause he could make money off of it.
We need a president who's fighting to raise incomes for all Americans, not one who tries to profit at their expense.
Trying to profit off of people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs."
Hillary's live on @TheEllenShow's Facebook page! Watch now:
Big win for those who think we should make it easier, not harder, to vote (which really should be all of us).  -H
.@realDonaldTrump rooted for the housing crash that caused 5 million Americans to lose their homes.
Millions of families saw their life savings destroyed in the Great Recession.Trump saw it as a chance to cash in.
Mientras 5 millones de personas perdan sus hogares, Trump esperaba enriquecerse de este desplome a costa de ellos.
Donald Trump has spent his career looking to turn a profit, no matter who gets hurt in the process.
Were stronger together. When we embrace immigrants, not denigrate them. When we build bridges, not walls.
Donald Trump doesn't seem to actually care about making America great so much as he seems to care about making himself look great.
We have to build on the Affordable Care Act and continue our march toward making sure every single American has health coverage.
Trump's wall on the border would likely cost at least $25 billion. Some things we could do instead:
Excited to be back with a good friend. Watch @TheEllenShow today at 4 pm ET.
The @realDonaldTrump business model: exploit anyone or anything he can to turn a quick buck.
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve lovenot harmful "conversion therapy." Thanks @GovPeterShumlin.
Donald Trump is fueling conspiracy theories out on the campaign trail. Can you imagine that in the Situation Room?
With the money Trump would waste on his wall, we could help a lot of families by building infrastructure we need.
So, @realDonaldTrump's wall would cost $25 billion. Here's what else we could do with that money.
.@realDonaldTrump, trying to profit off people losing their homes isn't the "kind of thinking our country needs."
El muro de Trump en la frontera costara al menos unos $25 mil millones. Lo que podramos hacer en lugar de su plan.
Theres nothing more important than protecting our kids. If we fail at that, it doesnt matter what we get right.
When the economy crashed, families saw their homes foreclosed and savings disappear. Trump saw a chance to profit.
Happening now: Watch Hillary speak at the @UFCW conference in Las Vegas
Weve got to do more to raise families incomes. We can start by raising the federal minimum wage. Hillary
Donald Trump said profiting off working families getting kicked out of their homes and losing their jobs would be a good result. Hillary
La nica forma de enfrentar a un "bully" es unindonos. Nosotros somos los nicos que podemos detener que Trump llegue a la Casa Blanca.
Born on this day in 1951, Dr. Sally Ride was the first American woman and first LGBT astronaut in space. #SallyRideDay
Couldn't agree more.
What we need: bridges, schools, a clean energy grid.What Trump wants: a wall.
"I don't think a nation can be great that turns its back on the poor and the unfortunate." Hillary in 1994 #TBT
The first in a new series: a message from your potential next presidenton pregnancy.
1 de cada 4 personas en Puerto Rico podra contraer el Zika este ao. Esto es lo quepodemos hacer para combatirlo.
$25 billion could pay for:1,500 new schools.Clean energy to power 5 million homes.or...Trump's wall:
Donald Trump thinks climate change is a hoax.President Trump would destroy our ability to combat it.
From ripping off veterans to demeaning women, Trump spent the week insulting just about everyone:
Donald Trump thinks workplace pregnancy is an "inconvenience" to businesses.(He could be your next president.)
"Pregnancy is...certainly an inconvenience for a business." Donald TrumpHere's Hillary's take
Some on the other side may say our best days are behind us. Let's prove them wrong.
Disgusting.
Watch Hillary wonk out with a nurse in New Jersey over solving one of the world's most serious problems.
Our most important task is making sure we give our kids a better life. That's the promise of America.
El mantra de Trump: Beneficiarse sin importar a los dems.
The Adoption and Safe Families Act helped thousands of kids find loving familiesincluding this one.
Our fallen heroes deserve our profound gratitude for giving their lives to protect our freedom, today and every day. #MemorialDay -H
Gold Star families like Betsys have paid the ultimate price for our freedom. They deserve our eternal thanks.
Not only does Trump deny climate change, he's now denying that the drought in California is even happening. What?
10 never-before-seen photos of Hillary from the trail in 1992.
Millions around the world are forced into human trafficking. We can't rest until they're free.  #UnderstandSlavery
.@realDonaldTrump doesn't like prisoners of warbut he wants to be your Commander-in-Chief.
"I want to be sure that it is Hillary Clinton who takes the oath of office, not Donald Trump."  @JerryBrownGov:
I like people that werent captured, ok?Trump has something to say about prisoners of war.
Our service members and their families deserve more than empty words. Let's give them the support they need:
Aspiring Commander-in-Chief @realDonaldTrump has some ideas about prisoners of war. (Hes not a big fan).
"The future is at stake. And thats why were with her." @NRDC_AF on its first-ever presidential endorsement
First: the @latimes.Now: @JerryBrownGov.Here's why Californians are voting for Hillary on June 7.
Taking care of our veterans is part of our solemn duty as Americans:
You never know what you'll see at a Hillary rally.
"Hillary Clinton, with her long experience ... will be prepared to lead our country on day one." @JerryBrownGov:
Trump University was a fraudulent scheme used to prey upon those who could least afford it.
Trump University's own employees described it as a "scam.
New documents confirm Trump "University" was a scam that preyed on families to make money. Cautionmay cause nausea.
FACT: Trump University identified those most vulnerable and then targeted them with predatory marketing tactics.
Trump himself is a fraud.He's trying to scam America the way he scammed all those people at Trump University.
Trump University students entrusted Trump with their futures, and he scammed them.He'd do the same to our country.
Trump University was a vehicle for @realDonaldTrump to exploit vulnerable Americans for his own gain.
What the movement for LGBT equality has taught us: with courage and love, there's nothing we can't do. Happy Pride Month. Let's fight on.
Here's what you need to know about Trump's "university."
Its O.K., just max out your credit card." Trump University on how to pay for classes
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." @POTUS
There's only one word for Trump's approach to foreign policy and national security: chaos.
Watch now: Hillary on why Americaand the worldcan't afford Trump as Commander-in-Chief
Trump isnt just incoherent; hes dangerous. Hes not just unprepared; hes temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
We cannot put the security of our children and grandchildren in Donald Trumps hands. We cannot let him roll the dice with America.
Were not a country that cowers behind walls. We lead with purpose, and we prevail.
Americas network of allies is part of what makes us exceptional. And our allies deliver for us every day.
The tools Donald Trump brings to the tablebragging, mocking, composing nasty tweetswont do the trick.
Imagine if he had not just his Twitter account at his disposal when hes angry, but Americas entire arsenal.
Dont let anyone tell you that America isnt great. Donald Trumps got America all wrong.
Donald Trump is not someone who should ever have the nuclear codes.
What happens to the moral example we setfor the world and for our own childrenif our president engages in bigotry?
If we aren't doing everything we can to prevent #GunViolence, then we're not doing nearly enough.
Supports nuclear proliferation Alienates our allies Cozies up to dictatorsTrump's foreign policy is...chaos.
Abusive payday lenders have preyed on Americans for too long. @CFPB's new rule will protect families; the next president should do the same.
Donald Trump's foreign policy is already making Americans less safe, and he's not even president (yet).
Some of the (many, many) reasons Donald Trump isn't fit to be Commander-in-Chief.
Recordatorio para Mr. Trump.
Donald Trump's foreign policy team: one "very good brain" with very thin skin.
You literally said all those things.
We will never be silenced or intimidated by the gun lobby. Honored to have @Everytown and @MomsDemand's support. -H
We can never let Republicans cut or privatize Social Securitywe should protect and expand it. Thanks, @POTUS.
Every time Trump loses his temper, imagine him in the Situation Room making life-or-death decisions on our behalf.
No, Donald. Esto no es un conflicto de intersel problema eres t.
Hillary schooled Donald Trump on foreign policy yesterday. Miss the speech? Catch up on some of the highlights:
.@maddow: "She's not caricaturing Donald Trump...she's just quoting him directly, and that's deadly."
Its not hard to imagine @realDonaldTrump leading us into a war just because somebody got under his very thin skin.
Trump is attacking a judge based on his heritage because Trump thinks *he's* the victim of bias here.
.@realDonaldTrump's "ideas" are really just a series of bizarre rants, personal feuds, and outright lies.
When Trump insults Muslims or immigrants, he should remember that Muslims and immigrants serve in our armed forces.
America is a country of diverse beliefs and heritages. That makes us strong, regardless of what Donald thinks.
Trump no tiene el derecho de definir quin es y no es parte de este pas. Nos definen los valoresno la intolerancia.
Muslims and Mexican immigrants serve with distinction in the U.S. military. Trump could learn something about being an American from them.
.@lorellapraeli: HFA staffer. DREAMer. U.S. citizen. First time voter.
El emocionante momento cuando @lorellapraeli pudo votar por primera vez. Felicitaciones!
Lying about veterans, his business, and his own wordsand that wasn't even the worst thing Trump said this week.
This week, we saw the REAL @realDonaldTrump. Which story appalled you the most?
Muhammad Ali really was The Greatestunmatched not just in power and skill, but also in courage and conscience. Thinking of his family. -H
Trump said the judge presiding over a lawsuit against Trump U. should be disqualified from his job because of his Mexican heritage.
Increble.
It'd be all too easy for Trump to roll back the progress we've made on LGBT rights. We can't give him the chance.
These California ESL students are using Hillary's 1995 speech in Beijing to learn English.
Puerto Rico! Hoy es tu da de ir a votar por Hillary. Comparte esto y djale saber a tus amigos: #EstoyConElla.
"Two years ago, my son was killed by a mass shooter. Ive never spoken about it publicly until now." Caryn Michaels
Urnas en Puerto Rico cierran a las 3pm. Si llegas a la fila en o antes de las 3pm tienes el derecho a votar. No te salgas.
A preview of President @realDonaldTrump that proves we cant let him anywhere near the Situation Room.
The president's job is to take care of our men and women in uniformwhile they serve and when they come home.
As we begin Ramadan, I wish all Muslims a blessed time of reflection, family, and good health. Ramadan Mubarak. -H
"We must stand against hate wherever it rears its ugly head." Hillary in 2000
We just won Puerto Rico! Gracias a la Isla del Encanto por esta victoria!
.@realdonaldtrump's bigoted comments about a Latino judge are so disgusting, even other Republicans are offended.
Donald Trump should come out of the towers he names after himself and actually talk and listen to people.
72 years after #DDay, let's not just eulogize the brave men who gave their lives. Let's honor them by defending the values they fought for.
"Hillary Clinton is the better candidate to take on Trump" @latimes
33,000 people die from gun violence each year. We can save a lot of these lives.
"Nobody's going to be left in this country that he's exempted from insults." Hillary on Trump in California:
There's only one candidate who can step into the Oval Office and lead on day one.
Recuerda apoyar a Hillary maana con tu voto. RT esto y djale saber a tus amigos: #EstoyConElla
Trump is intensifying his bigoted attacks on Judge Curiel's Latino heritageand belittling his staff in the process:
Were flattered, @AP, but we've got primaries to win. CA, MT, NM, ND, NJ, SD, vote tomorrow!
We are on the brink of a historic moment, but we still have work to do.Let's keep fighting for every vote:
Let's finish this primary strong and head into the general election together:
To everyone who's worked so hard, thank you. Let's go win this thing.
Happy birthday to a friend and mentor, Marian Wright Edelman. Your example of service inspires us all.
RT if you're ready to make history.
CA, MT, NJ, NM, ND, and SD, it's your day to head to the polls. RT this if youre voting for Hillary.
Hoy es tu da de votar por Hillary. RT esto y djale saber a tus amigos: #EstoyConElla
Eight years ago today.
"Although we weren't able to shatter that highest, hardest glass ceiling...it's got about 18 million cracks in it."
Let's build an America that respects and embraces the potential of every last one of us.
To every little girl who dreams big: Yes, you can be anything you wanteven president. Tonight is for you. -H
Tonight, we can say with pride that, in America, there is no barrier too great and no ceiling too high to break.
Tonight's only possible because millions of organizers, volunteers, and donors fought for this campaign. Thank you.
Thanks to you, we made history tonight. Celebrate with a free magnet:
Ready.
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage in Brooklyn
For the first time in our history, a woman will be a major partys nominee for President of the United States.
We reached this moment thanks to the struggle and sacrifice of generations of women and men before us.
"As your president, I will always have your back." Hillary
"Whether you supported me in this primary, or Senator Sanders, we all need to keep working toward that better, fairer, stronger America."
Its a simple but powerful idea. We are fairer together. We are better together. We are stronger together.
Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief. Hillary
Unity is better than division, empowerment is better than resentment, and bridges are better than walls.
We should lift each other upnot tear each other down. To be great, we cant be small. We have to be as big as the values that define us.
This election isnt about the same old fights between Democrats and Republicansits about who we are as Americans.
"We are stronger when we respect each other, listen to each other, and act with a sense of common purpose." Hillary
"On the very day Mom was being born in Chicago, Congress was passing the 19th Amendment to the Constitutiongiving women the right to vote."
Wish Mom could have been here to see tonight.
"This campaign is about making sure there are no ceilingsno limitson any of us." Hillary #ImWithHer
We made history tonightbut we have more work to do. Chip in if you've got Hillary's back:
Thank you.
Text CONGRATS to 47246 to tell Hillary you're proud to be by her side all the way to the White House.
Dont let anyone tell you great things cant happen in America. Barriers can come down. Justice and equality can win.
Dont let anyone tell you that great things cant happen in America.
Thank you, California!
Lets keep making history, together.
If Hillary could go back in time and tell anyone she'd been nominated for president, it would be her mom.
Front pages from around the country on a big day.
History.
A headline 227 years in the making.
A note from Hillary.
Its a simple but powerful idea: We believe that we are stronger together. Hillary
Donald Trump's School of Philanthropy:1. Pledge money to causes2. Do nothing3. Cut a check only if you get caught
History &gt; bedtime.
This Oakland entrepreneur is doing more than running a small businesshe's changing lives.
President Obama endorses Hillary: "I dont think theres ever been someone so qualified to hold this office."
Honored to have you with me, @POTUS. I'm fired up and ready to go! -H
"Shes got the courage, the compassion, and the heart to get the job done."Watch President Obama endorse Hillary.
Delete your account.
"Im with her, Im fired up, and I cant wait to get out there and campaign for Hillary." @POTUS
"I know how hard this job can be. Thats why I know shell be so good at it." @POTUS
El presidente Obama anuncia su apoyo para Hillary Clinton. "Nunca ha habido alguien tan calificado para la presidencia".
"On virtually every issue, Secretary Clinton stands with working Americans and their families." @steelworkers
"Our elections should be shaped by voters' voicesnot bought and sold by corporations and special interests" Hillary:
"Ive seen her judgment, toughness, and commitment to our values up close. ... I'm with her." @POTUS
Honored to have your support.
"I know how hard this job can be. Thats why I know Hillary will be so good at it." @POTUS
"When we come together...we wont just win in Novemberwell build on the progress weve made." @POTUS
Im supporting Hillary Clinton because shes a fighter, a fighter with guts @SenWarren
Trump "doesnt care who gets hurt as long as he makes a profit off it. That cannot be the person who leads the United States" @SenWarren
.@SenWarren endorsing Hillary on @maddow: "She's a fighter."
Thanks, Obama.
Proud to have the support of @SenWarrena woman who is Trump's exact opposite: honest, decent, and deeply concerned for working families. -H
Thank you, @POTUS.
Im ready to jump in this fight and make sure that Hillary Clinton is the next president" @SenWarren:
We're hiring across the country to bring home a win in November. Apply to join our team:
.@SenWarren to @Maddow: Donald Trump cannot be the one who leads the United States of America.
"Today, I want to start by saying something you dont hear often enough: Thank you. Hillary to Planned Parenthood
Being able to plan their families not only saved womens livesit also transformed them. Hillary to @PPact
Ever notice the politicians who oppose birth control and abortion also oppose policies that make it easier to raise a childlike paid leave?
The Hyde Amendment restricts the reproductive rights of low-income womendisproportionately women of color. We need to repeal it now.
Defending womens health means defending access to safe, legal abortion for all who need itnot just women who can afford it.
Laws that restrict access to abortion dont make women less likely to seek itthey just make women less safe.
Trump says he'd be "the best for women."Anyone who'd defund @PPFA and wipe out safe, legal abortion has no idea whats best for women.
Trump has called women pigs, dogs, and disgusting animals.We can't even count on him to respect womenmuch less protect our rights.
Were not just going to break the glass ceiling. Were going to break down all the barriers that hold back women and their families.
Ella tiene la valenta, la compasin y el corazn para realizar el trabajo. Mira el mensaje del presidente Obama.
Thanks, @VP Biden! Your support is a BIG deal. -H
Trump cant say he treats women with respect.(For once, hes right.)
"Shes a fighter. Shes out there. Shes tough." @elizabethforma on Hillary:
"I am the least racist person that youve ever encountered." @realDonaldTrump
.@realDonaldTrump says hell be the best for women.Don't think so.
A man with this much contempt and disrespect for women has no business becoming president.
Lights, camera, history.
.@realDonaldTrump is temperamentally unfit to be president and Commander-in-Chief.
Trump University: Pad Donald's pockets and put your own finances at riskall for the low price of $35,000!
When Trump goes off his staff's script he insults anyone who challenges him. Judge for his heritage, senator for hers. Rs should disavow. -H
"Sec. Clinton will be the strong environmental champion that we need to lead our country."
Trump the businessman? A total failure. He bankrupted his Atlantic City casinos (but pocketed millions for himself):
Woke up to hear the devastating news from FL. As we wait for more information, my thoughts are with those affected by this horrific act. -H
"I join Americans in praying for the victims of the attack in Orlando." Hillary's statement:
Declaraciones de Hillary Clinton sobre el ataque en Orlando.
"We cannot demonize, demagogue, and declare war on an entire religion...Hate is not the answer to hate." Hillary
Watch live: Hillary speaks on the terrorist attack in Orlando
"They were sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, and...they all had a lot more to give." Hillary on the Orlando victims
The murder of innocent people always breaks our hearts, scares us, and makes us furious. Now we have to steel our resolve and respond.
"As president, I will make identifying and stopping lone wolves a top priority." Hillary on her counterterrorism strategy
We need to stop terrorists from getting the weapons they need to carry out attacks.
If the FBI is watching you for suspected terrorist links, you shouldnt be able to just go buy a gun with no questions asked.
In Orlando and San Bernardino, terrorists used assault weapons like the AR-15 to kill Americans. We should make it harder for them to do so.
Background checks and an assault weapons ban might not stop every attackbut they'll stop some, and save lives. We need to fight for them.
Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. Its wrong, and it's dangerous.
The terrorist in Orlando targeted LGBT Americans out of hatred and bigotry. An attack on any American is an attack on all Americans.
"To all the LGBT people grieving today: you have millions of allies who will always have your back. I am one of them." Hillary
Weve seen too many examples of the struggle to live freely, openly, and without fear being marked by violence. We have to stand together.
Our open, diverse society is an asset in the struggle against terrorism, not a liability. It makes us stronger.
We have to stand together and be proud together. There is no better rebuke to the terrorists and all those who hate.
Our diversity isnt a liability in the fight against terrorism. Its an asset. It makes us stronger.
Tenemos que unirnos, sentir orgullo juntos. No hay mejor respuesta para los terroristas y a todos aquellos que odian
Weapons of war like those used in Orlando and San Bernardino have no place on our streets.
"A nightmare thats become mind-numbingly familiar." Hillary on the deadliest shooting in U.S. history:
"I have no doubt we can meet this challengeif we meet it together."Hillary's address on the Orlando attack:
If youre too dangerous to get on a plane, you're too dangerous to buy a gun in America.
Un ataque a cualquier estadounidense, es un ataque a todos los estadounidenses Hillary tras tragedia en Orlando.
Gun violence prevention laws might not stop every shooting or terrorist attackbut they will save lives.
Yesterday, Trump spoke about the terrorist attack in Orlando.Watch live as Hillary responds:
"I believe we Americans are capable of protecting Second Amendment rights while making sure guns dont fall into the wrong hands." Hillary
"I believe that despite those differences of opinion, were all on the same team...Theres more that unites us than divides us." Hillary
People of different faiths, backgrounds, sexual orientations, and gender identities are coming together to say: we wont let hate defeat us.
Trump's rhetoric is shameful.It was one thing when he was a reality TV personality. Its another when hes running for president.
Americans dont need conspiracy theories and pathological self-congratulations. We need leadership, common sense, and concrete plans.
"It matters what we do, not just what we say. It didnt matter what we called bin Ladenit mattered that we got bin Laden." Hillary
"If Donald suggests I wont call this threat what it is, he hasnt been listening. But I will not declare war on an entire religion."
Trump's Muslim ban is wrong, dangerous, and in this instance, nonsensical. The terrorist in Orlando was born in Queensjust like Donald.
"He said Ill abolish the 2nd Amendment. Wrong. He said Ill let a flood of refugees into our country without any screening. Also wrong."
Trump's statements are liesbut he tells them because he has to distract from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself.
We need a Commander-in-Chief who can grapple with our challenges in all their complexity, with real plans that actually address them.
People cant board planes with full shampoo bottlesbut people being watched by the FBI for terrorism can buy a gun, no questions asked?
We need to work together to keep our country and our citizens safe.None of this will be helped by anything Trump has to offer.
This is one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Not just for those who look or love or worship one wayfor all.
Today's #NetNeutrality decision is a big win for consumers, innovation, and freedom of expression on the internet:
RT if you're voting for Hillary today, Washington, D.C. Find your polling location here:
An attack on LGBT Americans is an attack on all Americans.
.@realdonaldtrump: Attacking Muslim Americans is wrong, and it makes it harder for us to defeat terrorism.
For 241 years, brave @USArmy soldiers have answered the call to serve and protect our nation. Thank you. #ArmyBDay
When @BillClinton took office, @GeorgeHWBush left him a note that represents the best of our values.
We just won Washington, D.C.! Grateful to everyone who voted.
A lot of people are saying Donald Trump is a conspiracy theorist...
Donald Trump just gave us his "plan" for defeating terrorismconspiracy theories and self-congratulations.
America has always been a country of "we," not "me." And we've always been stronger together.
Donald Trump is an expert at distracting people from the fact that he has nothing substantive to say for himself.
Your @GOP presidential nominee responding to a terrorist attack with lies and conspiracy theories.
Some fights are too important to stay silent. Preventing gun violence is one of them. Stand strong @ChrisMurphyCT.
Thousands of families are together thanks to @POTUS's action on DACA 4 years ago. We need to protect DACA/DAPA and pass immigration reform.
Miles de familias estn juntas gracias a las acciones de @potus sobre DACA. Protejamos DACA/DAPA y aprobemos una reforma migratoria.
An "assault on our values"A "new low""Plays into ISIS's hands"Newspapers react to Trump's Orlando speech:
Trump dijo que el terrorista naci un afgano y prohibir la entrada de musulmanespero el terrorista naci en Queens, NY igual que Trump.
Thank you, @SenWarren. Proud to be in this fight with you.
Belgium: Donald Trump's favorite "city."
It's absurd that people with suspected terrorist links can buy a gun in America, no questions asked.
One year ago today, @realDonaldTrump announced his campaign for president.And what a year it's been.
Hillary Clinton has proven herself as a champion of the labor movement."
Hillary helped get health care for 8 million kids. One of the first ads of the general election:
Thanks Chris, for showing what leadership looks like. I hope GOP senators take note. Looking forward to the vote. -H
.@oprah Thank you. Its an honor to have the support of someone who's shattered so many glass ceilings.
Thank you, @SpencerJCox. Despite our differences, if we stand together, hate can never defeat us.
"It is cruel and terrible that her life was cut short by a violent act of political intolerance" Hillary on Jo Cox:
Hi.
Hard to believe it's only been a year since Trump announced his candidacy for president.
Helpful.
Trump has made a big show of supposedly supporting veterans. In reality, he's done the exact opposite.
Donald Trump says he's "the real friend" of the LGBT community.Yeah, no.
You don't have to be LGBT to stand with the LGBT community. We all have a stake in equality. Thank you, Michael.
One year ago we lost 9 lives in Charleston. 49 in Orlando on Sunday. 26 in Newtown. Too many others. This has to stop. We need to change. -H
We can't stop fighting until every LGBT American can live life freely, openly, and without fear.
In the spirit of the #Charleston9, lets bridge our divides, fight for change, and remember that love never fails.
Gun violence and hate aren't isolatedhomophobia in Orlando, racism in Charleston. We need to fight them together.
On June 18, 1983, Sally Ride became the first American woman and first LGBT astronaut to go to space.
If your business or organization is hiring and needs someone to get the job done, hire a veteran.
Im supporting Hillary Clinton because shes a fighter, a fighter with guts. @SenWarren to the @BostonGlobe
Donald Trump launched his campaign one year ago this week. And what a year its been.
Happy Father's Day, @BillClinton!
They may be too young to vote, but these supporters are making their voices heard.
Imagine if this was our president.
What a joy being with our new grandson, Aidan. So grateful. -H
Shirley was 5 years old when women won the right to vote. Today, she's rooting for the first woman president.
You'll want to read the story behind this photo.
Gay rights are human rights and human rights are gay rights. Being LGBT does not make you less human.
Happy first day of summer.
A behind-the-scenes look at a historic night.
We owe families of gun violence victims more than prayers.Tell your senators to act on gun violence prevention:
This is just common sense. It's time for Congress to act.
Tonight, the Senate will vote on commonsense measures to prevent gun violence. Tell your senators you support them:
You inspire me too, @ChrisMurphyCT. Let's all demand action on gun violence prevention:
Our prayers are not enough to prevent gun violence.Tell your senators to vote to expand background checks tonight:
America has always been a nation of immigrants and refugees. On #WorldRefugeeDay, let's reaffirm our commitment to welcoming them. -H
An overwhelming majority of Americans (and gun owners) support steps to reduce gun violence.RT if you're one of them. #DisarmHate
Enough. -H
Its time to demand more than thoughts and prayers from our elected officials.  #DisarmHate
.@JoeBiden is rightDonald Trumps worldview doesn't reflect our values, and its not who we are.
Trump's gotten rich driving companies into the ground. What will he do to the U.S. economy?Oh waitwe know:
"Trump's economic proposals could produce a prolonged recession...and reduce employment by 3.5 million jobs." @WSJ
What is Trump spending his meager campaign resources on? Why, himself, of course.
Donald Trump's tax plan would add $30 trillion to the national debt over 20 years. That's "trillion"with a "t."
Our president should fight for familiesnot just themselves.Hillary speaks on the economy, live from Ohio:
"If youre running for president, you should say what you want to do, how youre going to pay for it, and how youll get it done." Hillary
Ill admitit's a little wonky, but...I sweat the specifics because they matter.
.@elizabethforma and @MittRomney agree: Trump would put us into a deep recession.
.@TheEconomist declared Donald Trump one of the 10 biggest threats to the global economy.
Donald Trump is proud of his recklessnessthats his business. But when hes running for president, its ours.
"Donald Trump actually stood on a debate stage in November and said that wages are too high in this country." Hillary
"He says women will start making equal pay as soon as they do as good a job as menas if we arent already." Hillary on @realDonaldTrump
The full faith and credit of the United States is not something we can just gamble away. Hillary on Trump's reckless economic plan
"President Trump" would undo so much of the progress weve made over the past 8 years under President Obama.We can't let that happen.
"Hes giving more away to the 120,000 richest...families than he would to 120 million hardworking people." Hillary on Trump's tax plan
The last time we opted for Trump-style isolationism, it made the Great Depression longer and more painful. Hillary
Trump has written a lot of books about businessbut they all seem to end at Chapter 11.
"The same people [Trump's] trying to get to vote for him now are people hes been exploiting for years Hillary:
.@realDonaldTrump, only someone whos never actually faced the consequences of his mistakes would brag, I play with bankruptcy.
"Imagine him being in charge when your jobs and savings are at stake.  Is this who you want leading us in an emergency? Hillary on Trump
In America, we dont begrudge people being successful  but we know they shouldnt do it by destroying other people.
We need to build an economy that ensures everyone gets an equal shot and no one is left behind. Join us:
.@realDonaldTrump has written a lot of books about business, but they all seem to end at Chapter 11.
Trump's plan would cut more taxes for the 120,000 richest families than it would for 120 million working Americans.
A proven leader who shares our values." @AFLCIOWhy labor unions across industries are backing Hillary:
Donald Trump has no actual plan to create jobs.
Trump says, I love playing with debt. Someone should tell him our economy isnt a game.
Hillary took Donald Trump's reckless economic policy to task in Columbus today.It's worth watching:
"Trump's economic plans would destroy the U.S. economy." @TheAtlantic
FACT: No major company has filed for Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than @realDonaldTrump's casinos.
This is what real leadership looks like.
Live now from North Carolina: Hillarys plan to make the economy work for everyone. Watch here.
"As we Methodists like to say: do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can." Hillary
Too many corporations seem to have forgotten: Its wrong to take taxpayer dollars with one hand and give out pink slips with the other.
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that pays enough to support a family.
The heart of my plan will be the biggest investment in American infrastructure in decades. Hillary
Were going to invest $20 billion specifically to create jobs for young people, especially in communities of color.
Every child should have a path to success:Pre-K:
We should support our teachers, not scapegoat them.
"I will make it a national priority for more companies to share profits with employees. On top of, not instead of, good wages." Hillary
Well make companies that ship jobs overseas give back tax breaks they received here at home.
Families shouldnt have to spend more than 10% of their income on child care.
Progress is possible  I know Republicans and Democrats can work together, because Ive done it. Hillary
.@realDonaldTrumps tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires would add more than $30 trillion to our national debt.
We cant let Trump bankrupt America the way he did his casinos.We need a new chapter in the American Dream  and it cant be Chapter 11.
Instead of pitting people against each other, we need to enlist everyone in building our country together.
No company in America should be able to pay women less for the work they do.
House Republicans may have cut the cameras, but they can't cut off our voices. We have to act on gun violence. -H
You**offer not valid for Muslims, women, Latinos, African Americans, LGBT Americans, middle-class families ...
Its ridiculous that teachers and nurses have a higher tax rate than many hedge fund managers.
Proud of 17 years of progress for those with disabilities under the historic #Olmstead ruling. Let's keep going.
Today's heartbreaking #SCOTUS immigration ruling could tear apart 5 million families facing deportation. We must do better. -H
The Supreme Court's Fisher decision is a win for us all. The doors to higher education should be open to every American, not just some. -H
44 years since #TitleIX passed, truer than ever: All students deserve equal opportunity, no matter their gender.
Thank you, #DemocraticSitIn. Your determination has exposed Republican inaction on gun violence and demanded better. We can't give up. -H
People in Scotland are not thrilled about Trump coming to their country.We know the feeling.
Women's health is an economic issue: Every woman deserves access to affordable menstrual products. Bravo, New York.
We cant let @realdonaldtrump bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his casinos.
...and many of them pay a lower tax rate.
The fate of immigration reformand millions of undocumented familiesis in the hands of the next president.
"We respect the choice the people of the United Kingdom have made." Hillary #BrexitVote
Our first task has to be to make sure that the economic uncertainty created by these events does not hurt working families. #BrexitVote
"This time of uncertainty only underscores the need for calm, steady, experienced leadership in the White House." Hillary #BrexitVote
Hours after the #BrexitVote, Donald Trump was in the U.K.Talking about how he, personally, would benefit.
Thank you, @POTUS, for marking another important milestone on LGBT Americans' march toward equality. -H
Good for you, Jensen. Every woman deserves equal pay, no matter what her age. Keep up the hard workand courage!  -H
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptancenot bullying and violence.
.@BarneyFrank on the time he marched in NYC's gay pride parade with the First Lady of the United States in 2000.
In some states, LGBT Americans can get married on Saturday and fired on Monday. That's not who we are.
LGBT seniors have seen so much progress, but still face discrimination. This has to change.
You'll tell the story of your night at @HamiltonMusical with Hillary. Enter to win here:
To the LGBT community: We're with you.Love, @HFA.
We're going to keep fighting for equality, at home and around the world.
One year later (still one of our favorite maps).
Every LGBT American deserves to live, work, and marry free from discrimination or violence.
Want to be in the room where it happens? Here's your shot: Win tickets to see @HamiltonMusical with Hillary:
One year ago, love triumphed in our highest court. Yet LGBT Americans still face too many barriers. Let's keep marching until they don't. -H
Happy #NYCPride!
Las personas LGBT merecen vivir, trabajar y amar libres de discriminacin y violencia.
"We need leaders...who put the interests of the American people ahead of their personal business interests." Hillary at #USMC2016
"There are more mass shootings in the United States than any other country in the world...We cannot accept this. Not nownot ever." Hillary
No person should be gunned down while learning, teaching, praying, or dancing. It's time for us to come together to strengthen our gun laws.
Not even a sit-in in Congress could convince Republican leadership to move forward on gun violence prevention. Americans deserve better.
When you're in office Americans count on you for real solutions. You cant respond with a snarky tweetyou have to actually deliver results.
Discrimination against LGBT people is all too commonand goes against everything we stand for as a country.
Mi familia ha estado aqu desde 1731 antes de que fuera los Estados Unidos Armandina Sifuentes de Texas.
We cant stop fighting until all LGBT Americans can live their lives free of prejudice, violence, and hate.
Do not throw away your shot. Win tickets to see @HamiltonMusical with Hillary. Enter here:
Continuemos haciendo historia juntos.
In a volatile world, the last thing we need is a volatile president.
The childrens health program wouldnt be in existence today if we didnt have Hillary pushing for it."
SCOTUS's decision is a victory for women in Texas and across America. Safe abortion should be a rightnot just on paper, but in reality. -H
Watch live as Hillary takes the stage with @elizabethforma in Ohio:
"When Donald Trump says hell make America great, he means make it even greater for rich guys just like Donald Trump. @ElizabethForMA
"She knows what it takes to beat a thin-skinned bully who is driven by greed and hate. @ElizabethForMA on Hillary
"She exposes [Trump] for what he is: temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president." Hillary on @elizabethforma
It's wrong that millionaires get more tax cuts while families are facing barriers to success.This election is a chance to make it right.
We cant let the student debt crisis continue.Weve got to give hard-working students and families relief.
Lets make sure that Wall Street and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes.Lets put our families first.
We'll reward companies that share profits with employees and pay a good wage. If they can do it for executives, they can do it for workers.
We will fight climate change by making America the clean energy superpower of the 21st century:
Trump rails against other countries and talks about making America great, but his own products are made in places that arent named America.
Imagine Trump sitting in the Oval Office the next time America faces a crisis.Imagine him in charge, with your job and savings at stake.
We are not going to let Donald Trump bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his casinos.
"Hillary believes that racism, hatred, injustice, and bigotry have no place in our country." @ElizabethforMA
A great day to hit the campaign trail in Ohio with @ElizabethForMA.
"Americans [are] telling us about their strugglesthey want to be given a chance, a fighting chance." Hillary live from Chicago
"Every day, Donald Trump proves that hes not in this for the American people. Hes in it for himself." Hillary
"You cant just talk someone into trusting you. Youve got to earn it ... I believe what you say matters." Hillary
"Heres what I say to voters who may have doubts: No one will fight harder for you and your families than I will."
It's not complicated: We need our economy to work for everyone, not just the rich or the well-connected.
Thanks to the Children's Health Insurance Program, eight million kids like Kayla are covered. Watch the new ad:
"This election is about values, so let's just do a few: Donald vs. Hillary." @elizabethforma
Today's #SCOTUS decision upholding reproductive rights is a major victorybut we can't take it for granted.
Donald Trump proves every day that hes not in it for the American peoplehes in it only for himself.
Terrorists are taking advantage of the loopholes in our gun laws. Here's how we stop them:
It's almost as if Trump only cares about himself.
A progressive who gets things done? Make that two.
Trump's speaking about outsourcing right now.Heres one of his shirtsmade in Bangladesh:
Pat Summitt's record is legendary. Her work ethicsecond to none. We need exactly that kind of commitment to end Alzheimer's. -H
New plan: We should let entrepreneurs defer their student loans for up to 3 years
"All Americans stand united with the people of Turkey against this campaign of hatred and violence." Hillary
Live from Los Angeles: Watch Hillary's town hall with @YouTube digital content creators.    #CreatorsAskHRC
"You are strong enough not to let yourself remain a victim." Hillary #CreatorsAskHRC
Instead of driving up debt and risking another recession, let's make the economy work for everyone. Here's how:
Two words: free WiFi.In train stations, airports and other public spaces.
In today's vote on Planned Parenthood, the NH Executive Council can choose families or a political agenda. Watching which side they pick. -H
We have an obligation to protect an open internet and defend net neutrality:
From Iowa to California, the primary's taken us to nearly every state in the country.
They were made in places like:MexicoChinaVietnamHondurasHong KongTaiwanSouth KoreaSingaporeBangladeshOman
Cool ties, @realDonaldTrump.
We should deploy 5G internet to make sure we have the fastest online connections possible.
Donald Trump has achance of becoming president."
We're not going back, @realDonaldTrump.
"I will fight with the people of Puerto Rico to put the islands economy back on a stable and prosperous path."
Scenes from New York City Pride with Team Hillary.
If Republicans actually wanted to protect women's health, they'd support Planned Parenthoodnot attack it.
Pride Month is coming to a close, but our march toward equality continues. Onward.
Chip in now if you agree with Hillary and @ElizabethForMA:
Show Hillary she can count on you to stand up to Donald Trump. Chip in now:
Our economy is always stronger with a Democrat in the White House.  #TBT
Trump says people should have pride in "Made in the USA" products, but where does he make his?(Hint: not here.)
Trump Institute taught Donald Trump's real business strategy: cheating innocent Americans out of hard-earned money.
"If the space youre in doesnt have room for your voice dont be afraid to carve out a space of your own." Hillary
You could give a speech to nominate the first woman president at @DemConvention. Enter now for your chance to win.
La evidencia muestra que Trump es un psimo empresario por qu debemos creer l sabr manejar la economa del pas?
Praying for the safety of the hostages in Bangladesh. To the terrorists: We will never succumb to fear and hate. -H
The company you keep says a lot about you (maybe no one ever told Donald Trump).
Let's make America a world leader in manufacturing, again.
Born July 2, 1951, trans activist Sylvia Rivera was an early LGBT leader whose work paved the way for progress.
Just like he shouldnt have his finger on the nuclear button, Trump shouldnt have his hands on our economy.
We're not going to turn back the clock on progress.
"We join all those around the world in mourning his loss" Hillary and @BillClinton on the passing of Elie Wiesel
Every American should have the opportunity to live up to their God-given potential.
Today's attack in Baghdad is another horrific example of ISIS's savagery. We will defeat them. My prayers are with the victims' families. -H
Looking forward to hitting the campaign trail together, @POTUS.
A message from @realDonaldTrump on America.
"You have made me a better person and helped me believe I can do anything."
Middle-class Americans thought Trump Institute would help them. In reality, it was yet another giant scam.
Here's to 240 years of progress.
"To be great, we can't be small. We have to be as big as the values that define America." Hillary
Happy Fourth of July! Today let's celebrate the best of Americaour freedom, diversity, and the values we share. -H
Si el lugar donde ests no tiene espacio para tu voz, no tengas miedo de crear tu propio espacio Hillary en #TheToast.
In a new interview, @POTUS talks about why Hillary has everything it takes to be president.
Q: "Will you condemn David Duke and say that you don't want...white supremacists' [votes]?"Trump: "I don't know."
Live from Charlotte: @POTUS hits the trail with Hillary for the first time in this campaign. Watch:
"Someone who has never forgotten where he came from. And Donald, if youre out there tweeting: Its Hawaii." Hillary on @POTUS
"It means so much to have @POTUSs support in this campaign. He knows a thing or two about winning elections." Hillary
"President Obamas job was to save us from a second Great Depressionand thats exactly what he did. Hillary
"Under @POTUS and @JoeBiden, weve had 75 straight months of job growth. I want us to see 75 more." Hillary
"Were going to make college debt-free for all...and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt." Hillary
Were going to crack down on companies that ship jobs and profits overseas, and reward the ones that share profits with employees instead.
Its wrong that some millionaires can pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries, and were going to stop it.
Our families and workplaces have changed in the 21st century. It's time for our policiesfrom paid leave to equal payto be updated, too.
"When I look at @POTUS, I see someone whoin spite of obstruction hes facedstill reaches for common ground and common purpose." Hillary
"Hes a statesmanleading not just our country but the entire world. This is a president who knows how to keep us safe and strong." Hillary
"The world hangs on every word a president says, and Donald Trump is...temperamentally unfit to be our Commander-in-Chief." Hillary
"In America, we dont tear each other down, we lift each other up.We build bridges, not walls." Hillary
I dont know about you, but were fired up and ready to go! Hillary
"I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton. I want you to help elect her as the next President of the United States." @POTUS
"I saw the passion that she feels for anybody who's experienced injustice. ... It was personal to her." @POTUS on Hillary
"Let me tell you, my faith in Hillary Clinton has always been rewarded." @POTUS
"I saw how she treated everybody with respect...that's how you judge somebody. How they treat others when the cameras are off." @POTUS
"I saw how you can count on her. How she won't back down. How she won't quit." @POTUS on Hillary
"There has never been any man or woman more qualified for this office than Hillary Clinton. That's the truth." @POTUS
"If your concern is who's going to look out for working families...the other side's got nothing to offer you." @POTUS
"She will be a stateswoman who makes us proud around the world. ... She knows what it takes to be Commander-in-Chief." @POTUS on Hillary
"Dont boo, vote! Booing doesnt help. You need to vote. @POTUS on Donald Trumps dangerous policies
"The fact is, Hillary is steady. Hillary is true.  Thats how real change and real progress happen. @POTUS
Thanks, Obama.
Follow along as @POTUS takes over Hillary's Instagram account on the trail in Charlotte:
Fired up. Ready to go.
"I'm here today because I believe in Hillary Clinton." @POTUS at his first campaign stop of 2016
"Quiero que t ayudes a elegirla nuestra prxima Presidenta de los Estados UnidosObama.
What @POTUS said.
Donald Trump's praise for brutal dictators like Saddam Hussein knows no bounds.
Learn more about Hillary's plan to give former students relief from student debt:
Hillary heard you: College costs are too high in America. It's time to fix it.
Trump made millions while bankrupting his businesses, laying off workers, and stiffing contractors. Here's how:
We can't let Trump bankrupt America like we're one of his casinos.Watch Hillary live from Atlantic City
What Donald Trump did in Atlantic City is nothing to brag aboutits shamefuland every voter in America needs to know about it.
Donald Trump called the Trump Plaza Casino and Hotel "the biggest hit yet."Now, it's abandoned.
"[@realDonaldTrump's] businesses were failing long before the rest of the town was struggling...his bad decisions hurt the whole city."
Atlantic City was a very good cash cow for me for a long time...The money I took out of there was incredible. Donald Trump
"What he did here in Atlantic City is exactly what hell do if he wins in November." Hillary on @realDonaldTrump:
Donald Trump's business strategy:It's not about what you can build. It's about how much you can take.
No major company has filed Chapter 11 more often in the last 30 years than Trumps casinos. Hillary
"In America, we dont begrudge people being successfulbut we do if they get rich by destroying other people." Hillary
Who got hurt when Trump abandoned Atlantic City?Small businessesVendorsLocal buildersCasino workers
Praying for a safe Eid Al-Fitr. My heart breaks for families struck by terror in Turkey, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and Bangladesh this Ramadan. -H
Let's make it so that no student has to take on debt to go to a public college or university in their state.
Let's make sure @realDonaldTrump never has the chance to bankrupt America the way he bankrupted his businesses.
The Trump Atlantic City business method: Drive a business into the ground, stiff workers, and take home millions.
Newly discovered footage that could destroy Donald Trumps campaign if everyone saw it:
Trabajemos para que ningn estudiante tenga que endeudarse para estudiar en una universidad pblica de su estado.
"The death of Alton Sterling is a tragedy, and my prayers are with his family." Hillary
Do you want to build a strawman?
While Trump's Atlantic City casinos posted $66 million in losses, he paid himself a $5 million bonus.
We can't let Trump's approach to the economy anywhere near the White House.
America woke up to yet another tragedy of a life cut down too soon. Black Lives Matter. #PhilandoCastile -H
Trump got ahead by cheating working people like Andrew Tesoro. Now he wants to do the same thing to our country.
Alton Sterling Matters.Philando Castile Matters.Black Lives Matter.
There has to be some form of punishment [for seeking abortion]. Donald Trump, March 30, 2016
Too many African American families are mourning. Too many young black men and women have been taken from us.
We have a responsibility to fight for the next generation. All of us. #TBT
I mourn for the officers shot while doing their sacred duty to protect peaceful protesters, for their families and all who serve with them. -H
Watch live as Hillary addresses the AME Church Conference in Philadelphia:
"We pray for those families and for the souls of all those we lost this week and all those preceding. May they rest in Gods peace" Hillary
There is something wrong with our country. There is too much violence...too much senseless killing, too many people dead who shouldnt be.
There is clear evidence that black Americans are more likely to be killed in police incidents than any other group. We have to do better.
Alton and Philando's deaths are the latest in a long, painful litany of African Americans killed in police incidents123 so far this year.
Gun violence is ripping apart peoples lives. They are trying to tell us. We need to listen. Hillary
"I will bring law enforcement and communities together to develop national guidelines on the use of force by police officers." Hillary
"Well make it clear when deadly force is warranted and when it is not, and emphasize proven methods for de-escalating situations." Hillary
"In my first budget, I'll commit $1 billion to find and fund the best training programs [and] support new research." Hillary
We cannot, must not, vilify police officers. Remember what those officers were doing when they died. They were protecting a peaceful march.
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers you face every day.
"Lets ask ourselves, what can I do to stop violence and promote justice? How can I show that your life matters to me?" Hillary
"Elie Wiesel once clarified for us that 'the opposite of love is not hateits indifference.' ... None of us can afford to be indifferent."
"When the 24-hour news cycle moves on, I wont. Hillary on preventing gun violence and addressing racial injustice
Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart. Galatians 6:9
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the barriers they face.
"@LorellaPraeli's story, like so many other American stories, reminds us of who we are as a people." Hillary
Congrats, @serenawilliams on your record-tying 22nd Grand Slam title! #Wimbledon
Community health centers provide care for 25 million Americans. Here's Hillary's plan to double their funding:
"I saw how she treated everybody with respect. That's how you judge somebody." @POTUS on Hillary
As the President has reminded us, the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice.
Necesitamos escribir un nuevo captulo en el sueo americanoy no puede ser el Captulo 11 (de bancarrota).
When Donald Trump's casinos failed, hundreds of people lost their jobs, but he walked away with millions.
"You can count on her, and how she wont waver, and she wont back down, and she will not quit." @POTUS
Our economy added 287,000 jobs last monthjust another reminder of how far we've come under @POTUS:
For Donald Trump, it's not about what he can buildit's about how much he can take.
"Hillary is not somebody who fears the future. She believes that it is ours to shape." @POTUS
What does it say about a presidential candidate when he consistently showers praise on brutal dictators?
You have a problem when a candidate looks to Saddam Hussein and Kim Jong-un as examples of good leadership.
Donald Trump says he supports our veterans, but he's taken advantage of them time and time again.
New ad: Donald Trump's number one foreign policy advisor? Himself.And his "very good brain."
.@realDonaldTrump says he "loves the vets."Prisoners of war? Not so much.
"Her way of dealing with the stories she hears is not just to repeat the story but to do something about the story."
"They picked a nominee whose only plan is to build a higher wall." @POTUS on @realDonaldTrump's dangerous policies
Dej a un lado su agenda personal y emociones por una causa mayor y servir al pas"presidente Obama sobre Hillary.
Praising some of the world's most notorious, brutal dictators should be a red flag for a presidential candidate.
Donald Trump in the Oval Office is flat-out dangerous. We cant let it happen.
Watch live as @BernieSanders joins Hillary on the trail in New Hampshire.
"Together, we will continue to fight for a government which represents all of us, and not just the 1%." @BernieSanders
"Secretary Clinton has won the Democratic nominating process, and I congratulate her for that." @BernieSanders
"She will be the Democratic nominee...and I intend to do everything I can to make certain she will be the next president." @BernieSanders
"I have come here to make it as clear as possible as to why I am endorsing Hillary Clinton." @BernieSanders in New Hampshire
"This campaign is about the needs of the American people and addressing the very serious crises that we face." @BernieSanders
"There is no doubt in my mind that...Hillary Clinton is far and away the best candidate to do that." @BernieSanders
"Hillary Clinton understands that if someone in America works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty. @BernieSanders
"If anyone out there thinks this election is not important...think about the SCOTUS justices Donald Trump will nominate." @BernieSanders
"The last thing we need...is a president who doesnt care about whether millions will lose access to health care coverage." Bernie on Trump
Hillary "knows that it is absurd that middle-class Americans are paying an effective tax rate higher than hedge fund millionaires. Bernie
"This election must be about bringing our people together, not dividing us up." @BernieSanders
"We become stronger when black and white, Latino, Asian American, Native Americanall of usstand together. @BernieSanders
"We produced, by far, the most progressive platform in the history of the Democratic Party." @BernieSanders
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president, and I am proud to stand with her today." @BernieSanders
"He has energized and inspired a generation of young people who care deeply about our country. Hillary on @BernieSanders
Thank you, @BernieSanders, not just for your endorsement, but for a lifetime of fighting injustice.
Taking on systemic racism and rebuilding trust and respect between law enforcement and the communities they serve will require all of us.
Lets take real, meaningful action to end the epidemic of gun violence in America. Hillary
$7.25 an hour is a starvation wage. So sorry Donald, if youre watching, were not cutting the minimum wage, were raising the minimum wage.
For families making less than $125,000 a year, well eliminate tuition at those schools altogether.
Were going to make sure that Wall Street, corporations, and the super-rich pay their fair share of taxes.
Lets expand Social Securitynot cut or privatize it.Lets offer paid family leave.Lets guarantee equal pay for women once and for all.
"Let's make it easier to vote, not harder. Lets fight back against attacks on voting rights across the country. Hillary
To everyone who poured your heart and soul into Bernies campaign, thank you. Our country desperately needs your voices.
"You can take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to  We accept $27 donations, too, you know.
Together, lets go win this election.
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her today." @BernieSanders
Taking on systemic racismand rebuilding trust between police and citizenswill require contributions from us all.
Happy birthday, Malala! Thank you for fighting for every girl's right to an education.
Lets ask ourselves, "What can I do to stop violence and promote justice?"
"Vi cmo ella trataba a todos con respeto. As es como se juzga a alguien"presidente Obama sobre Hillary.
Thank you, @BernieSanders. Proud to fight alongside you.
In America, we're always stronger together.
Watch live as Hillary speaks from the Illinois statehouse, where Lincoln gave his "house divided" speech in 1858.
"The words Lincoln spoke all those years ago hold resonance for us now...he said: 'A house divided against itself cannot stand.'" Hillary
We need to take a hard look at our laws and our attitudes. We need to embrace policies that promote justice for all people.
"I want...all of our children to grow up in a country where violence like the kind we saw last week doesnt happen again Hillary
Let's listen to families whose loved ones have been killed in police incidents. Alton Sterling. Philando Castile. Sandra Blandone year ago.
"We need to listen to those who say 'Black Lives Matter.' Too many black Americans...feel like their lives are disposable." Hillary
We need to listen to the dedicated, principled police officers working hard every day to rebuild trust with the communities they serve.
The vast majority of gun owners agree: we have to prevent gun violence.If were looking for common ground, this is common ground.
These things can be true at once:We need criminal justice reform.We need to support police.We need to do more to stop gun violence.
In my first 100 days as president, we will make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II. Hillary
In times like these, we need a president who can help pull ustogether, not split us apart.And that's why Donald Trump is so dangerous.
"Even thisthe killing of black people by policeis somehow all about him." Hillary on Trump
"When kids are scared by political candidates and policy debates, its a sign something has gone badly wrong." Hillary
Trump has banished members of the press who have criticized him.Is there any doubt he would do the same as president?
Imagine if Trump had not just Twitter to go after critics and opponents, but also the IRSor our military. Do you think hed be restrained?
"I do wish Donald would listen to other people once in a while. He might actually learn something. But...he only listens to himself."
"Donald Trumps campaign adds up to an ugly, dangerous message to America. A message that you should be afraid." Hillary
"Lets be more than allies to each other. Lets take on each others struggles as our own." Hillary
If we do the work, we will 'cease to be divided.' We will be indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Hillary
Lets be more than allies to each other.Lets take on each others struggles as our own.
"We need a leader who will push us all to make our society more tolerant, inclusive, and fair." @MarkKellyTyler
In America, we lift each other up. We build bridges, not walls. We stand together because we're stronger together.
In the presence of practical, tactical brilliance @hamiltonmusical.
Gun violence against Americans is all of our problem. We need to solve it together.
Remember: When @realDonaldTrump opens his mouth, our kids are listening.
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live at @LULAC:
"Latinos have to help us shape the future of America because you are the future of America. Hillary at @LULAC
"Latinos are 17% of our countrys population, but you hold only 2% of its wealth. Theres a disconnect here." Hillary at @LULAC
"We need to close the gender pay gap...Latinas earn just 55 cents for every dollar earned by a white man. That is just outrageous." Hillary
No one who works full-time in America should ever live in poverty.We need to raise the minimum wage.
Hillary's new college plan will help more students, especially students of color, afford college:
For families making less than $125,000 a year, well eliminate tuition at public colleges and universities. Hillary
"In my first 100 daysI will introduce comprehensive immigration reform with a path to citizenship. Hillary:
Too many kids say bye to their parents every morning, not knowing if mom or dad will be there when they get home.We have to fix this.
Next week in Cleveland, Republicans will nominate someone who thinks Latino outreach is tweeting out a picture of a taco bowl.
.@realDonaldTrump said a federal judge can't be trusted because of his "Mexican heritage." That just fans the flames of racial division.
Even @SpeakerRyan called Trumps comments on Judge Curiel, the textbook definition of a racist comment.
"I will say what Donald Trump wont: Judge Curiel is as American as I am and as American as Donald Trump." Hillary
When our kids are scared by our politicians and policy debates, its a sign something has gone badly off the rails.
We have to move our country and ourselvestoward a future that reflects the simple, timeless notion that all of us are equal. Hillary
One year in, the #IranDeal has put a lid on Irans nuclear program. Strong, principled diplomacy can work. Effective enforcement is key. -H
Weve got to say with one voice that Latinos are a vital part of the American community.
Watch live as Hillary and Senator @TimKaine take the stage in Virginia
"Every American stands in strong solidarity with the people of France" Hillary on the attack in Nice
Thank you, Virginia and Senator @TimKaine.
It's official: @realDonaldTrump just chose Mike Pence as his running mate. What you need to know about him:
If you had any doubts about Trump sticking with his dangerous plan for America, say hello to his VP pick.
Chip in to keep Donald Trump, Mike Pence, and their extreme agenda out of the White House:
Get to know Trump's VP pick, Mike Pence: current governor of Indiana and potential disaster for America.
If you like Donald Trump, youre going to love his choice for vice president.
Si tenas alguna duda que Trump continuar su peligroso plan para el pas, conoce quin escogi para vicepresidente.
Oficial: @realDonaldTrump acaba de escoger a Mike Pence para ser su vicepresidente. Aqu lo que debes saber de l:
Mike Pence: Hes Donald Trump with a different haircut.
Hillary on the situation in #Turkey.
Donald Trump:Always divisive.Not so decisive.
FACT: Mike Pence advocated for legislation that allowed businesses to discriminate against LGBT people.
"I long for the day that Roe v. Wade is sent to the ash heap of history." Trump's VP pick, Mike Pence
Well, *weve* got plenty to say about Mike Pence. Here you go:
Bad for: The economy Women Immigrants  And *literally* the planet
Mike Pence would outlaw abortion.And Donald Trump just made him his running mate.
What kind of president do we want our kids looking up to?
Weve got to say with one voice that Latinos are a vital part of the American community.
La prxima semana, los republicanos nominarn a alguien que piensa que una campaa para la comunidad latina es tuitear un 'taco bowl'.
Your potential next president on building a wall... And bathrooms.
That time Donald Trump introduced his running mate...sort of.
Hillary's statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge.
Just a few of the ways @realDonaldTrump has proven that he's unfit for the presidency:
Eric Garner was killed two years ago today. Here's how his mother, Gwen Carr, is advocating for reform:
"Are you going to vote for the guy who wants to build a wall or for someone who's building bridges?" @Lin_Manuel
Getting rid of gun-free school zones.Banning Muslims entering the country.What you need to know about Trump:
"I think the Party is about to make a terrible mistake in Cleveland." A confession from a Republican on Trump:
I stand with everyone at the International AIDS Conference in Durban in the fight for an #AIDSFreeGeneration.  -H
Donald Trump is about to become the @GOP nominee for president. Add your name if you won't let him win:
Confessions of a Republican:"I was a Republican... Trump, he's a different kind of man. This man scares me."
Donald Trump: We're going to do everything we can to make sure you never become president.
Watch live as Hillary speaks to the @NAACP in Cincinnati:
"Killing police officers is a terrible crime...anyone who kills a police officer and anyone who helps must be held accountable." Hillary
"Perhaps the best way to honor our police is to follow the lead of police departments across the country who are striving to do better."
We must fight for criminal justice reform. Everyone is safer when there is respect for the law and when everyone is respected by the law.
Fixing the mass incarceration crisis.Dismantling the school-to-prison pipeline.Helping the formerly incarcerated.It's time to act.
People who care about protecting the lives of police officers should be committed to getting assault weapons off our streets.
"Ending systemic racism requires contributions from us all, especially those of us who havent experienced it ourselves." Hillary
White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers that you face every day.
Lets also put ourselves in the shoes of police officers. Empathy works both ways. Weve got to try to see the world through their eyes.
"In times like these, we need a president who can help pull us together, not split us apart. I will work every single day to do just that."
We're watching the Party of Lincoln become the Party of Trump.That's not just a loss for our countryit's a threat.
"As Dr. King said, 'Our lives begin to end when we become silent about things that matter.' None of can afford to be silent." Hillary
"Im pleased to announce a nationwide drive to get 3 million people to register to vote and commit to vote in this election." Hillary
Commit to vote today to show @realDonaldTrump we're #StrongerTogether:
"No nos representas. Tus ideas no nos representan. Tus valores no nos representan"Carta abierta a Trump. Firma hoy:
We can't let these two anywhere near the White House.
"I think Hillary will go down as one of the finest secretaries of state we've had." @POTUS
Todays #RNCinCLE theme: Law and Order.
Lincoln called it "terrible." FDR said he hated it.@realDonaldTrump? "I love war."
With five million lives on the line, SCOTUS should grant DOJ's petition to rehear U.S. v. Texas. Let's keep immigrant families together. -H
"Donald Trump lost control of his own convention before it even started." #RNCinCLE
Meet the starting line-up for Team Trump at the #RNCinCLE:
Republicans say the world doesn't respect us. The world disagrees. #RNCinCLE
Republicans have a lot of nice things to saywhen it's not an election year. Thanks, Mayor Giuliani. #RNCinCLE
Trump took over $100,000 from emergency 9/11 funds for small businessesfor his swanky Wall Street property.
When @realDonaldTrump makes you mad, chip in to make himsad!
Chip in $1 if you agree we cant let Trump win so big. #RNCinCLE
A good reminder. #RNCinCLE
A small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his Atlantic City casino.Trump stiffed him for the payment.
Trump bulldozed his way into this nomination by sowing hateadd your name to tell him that's not who we are.
Were going to enfranchise as many Americans as possible, and we're going to win. Join us:
"Nothing is more ridiculous than Trump's claim that he's the enemy of Wall Street." @BarneyFrank
We think Trump's been involved in more than 5,500 lawsuits. We're going to try and read them all in 4 hours:
2,016 and counting: We're reading thousands of lawsuits involving @realDonaldTrump live on Facebook.
"He's built his empire on other people's backs." A small business owner who Donald Trump still owes $30,000
Just 10 minutes left to finish reading Trump's lawsuits. Think we can make it? Tune in now:
1973:  Donald Trump is sued for housing discrimination.Hillary begins her career at the Children's Defense Fund.
Live from HQ: @BrynneCraig, @LorellaPraeli, and @JessLivMo introduce our 3 Million Stronger voter registration goal:
We watched the first night of the #RNCinCLE so you didn't have to. Some of the worst of what we heard:
On this day in 1984, @TheDemocrats nominated Geraldine Ferrarothe first woman VP nominee on a major party ticket.
Donald Trump just became the Republican nominee. Chip in now to make sure he never steps foot in the Oval Office.
Let's do this.
Your potential next president doesn't think filing for bankruptcy is a bad thing.
Senator McConnell can be very complimentarywhen you're not on the ballot. #RNCinCLE
The Republican Party platform is so hateful, you'd think Donald Trump wrote it himself.
Not according to your anti-woman, anti-LGBT, anti-immigrant @GOP platform. #RNCinCLE
If you think Chris Christie can lecture anyone on ethics, we have a bridge to sell you.  #RNCinCLE
This small business owner sold Donald Trump pianos for his Atlantic City casino.Trump stiffed him for the payment.
Lots of talk of "talent and drive" about someone who repeatedly drives his businesses into the ground. #RNCinCLE
You're too kind, @SenCapito. #RNCinCLE
If Donald Trump wants to make America great again, he should start by actually making things in America.
It's not brain surgery: Republicans tend to be a bit more truth-y when the presidency isn't on the line. #RNCinCLE
Yeah, Donald Trump has been a real gem to working women. #RNCinCLE
So...what exactly did we learn tonight about Donald Trump's economic plan? #RNCinCLE
On the #RNCinCLE's "economy night," here's everything we learned about Donald Trump's economic plan:
Five disturbing things the GOP officially stands for (yes, in 2016):
Trump doesn't represent us or our values. Join the 100,000 people who have already signed our letter if you agree:
"He won me over with that Mexican rapist speech." Ann Coulter on Donald Trump
"I will bring people together." @realDonaldTrumpYeah, we don't think so.
Trump says he'd run the U.S. like his businesses.Which pretty much means letting America go bankrupt.
Last night's #RNCinCLE theme: "Make America Work* Again"*Instructions not included
This week in 1848, the Seneca Falls Convention declared that women deserve equal rights.168 years later...
What our president says matters. We can't let @realDonaldTrump's hateful words speak for us.
Trump or Pence: Who said it worse? It's a close call.
Whose rights has Mike Pence restricted?WomenImmigrantsLGBT people
I applaud the 5th Circuit for blocking Texas's voter ID lawone of the most restrictive in America. Let's make voting easier, not harder. -H
Hillary on the passing of Rep. Mark Takai.
Fact check: The #RNCinCLE speakers are lying to Americaat least 67 times so far.
Neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and anti-Semites: three groups @realDonaldTrump is bringing together.
Very big of you, @MarcoRubio. #RNCinCLE
"Pathological liar.""Out of a psychology textbook.""Narcissist." @tedcruz on Trump, 78 days ago #RNCinCLE
We made this when we thought Newt might be Trumps VP pick. He wasnt. Here you go anyway! #RNCinCLE
A few things you should know about Trump's VP pick convention speaker, Newt Gingrich. #RNCinCLE
Donald Trump chose one of the most anti-LGBT politicians in the country to be his Vice President. #RNCinCLE
If you thought Donald Trump was going to pick a running mate who would appeal to moderates, think again.
You don't say, Mike. #RNCinCLE
Mike Pence tried to legalize LGBT discrimination in Indianaand cost the state millions in the process.  #RNCinCLE
Dont boobuck Trump   #RNCinCLE
Vote your conscience.
Donald Trump is...occasionally right. #RNCinCLE
"You do not represent us.Your ideas dont represent us.Your values dont represent us."Add your name:
Introducing #TrumpYourself: Discover what @realDonaldTrump thinks about people like you.
"If I were in charge, they would know...waterboarding is how we'd baptize terrorists." Sarah Palin, Trump supporter
Now we know what Trump really thinks about us. Sad!  #TrumpYourself
Hillary's spent her career helping others. @realDonaldTrump? He only helps himself. A side-by-side comparison:
"A sniveling coward" "Carnival barker"Just some of the things Republicans at the #RNCinCLE have said about Trump:
Now might be a good time to follow us on Snapchat.
Its hard to keep track of all of the ignorant and divisive things Trump and Pence have saidso we did it for you.
Mike Pence introduced himself to America last night. Here's what we learnedand what he forgot to mention:
"Dummy.""Slob.""Animal."Here's what @realDonaldTrump has said about you:  #TrumpYourself
So much for party unity.
"It's pretty obvious he doesn't know a lot about the issues." @SenateMajLdr on TrumpWe couldn't agree more, Mitch
Introducing Hillary en espaol!, a new account to bring you the latest from this campaign in Spanish. Follow @Hillary_esp.
"I already have a concentration camp...it's called Tent City." Joe Arpaio, Trump endorser and #RNCinCLE speaker
.@MarshaBlackburn has the best words when you're not running for president. #RNCinCLE
Follow @TheBriefing2016 tonight for live fact-checking of Donald Trumps #RNCinCLE speech. The best facts, in fact.
About @realDonaldTrump's views on working women and pregnancy.
#RNCinCLE
Show @realDonaldTrump that his hateful words have a cost. Chip in $1 every time he lies.
If Trump wants to talk about debt, lets start with the $34 trillion (that's a "t") his tax plan would run up.
Let's review the record.
.@TheEconomist ranked a Donald Trump presidency as the third greatest threat to the global economy. #RNCinCLE
You are not our voice, @realDonaldTrump.
Trump is right about one thing. #RNCinCLE
Here's how the Republican ticket would "protect" LGBT Americans. #RNCinCLE
Your party's official platform supports conversion therapy,  @realDonaldTrump.
We are better than this.
Every   time  @realDonaldTrump  makes  you  mad  chip  in  $1.
History is watching.
"Im with you*" @realDonaldTrump*Not included: women, African Americans, LGBT people, Muslims, Latinos, immigrants...
This is realDonald Trump just accepted the @GOP nomination.RT if you agree: We can't let him become president.
As of tonight, only one thing is standing between Donald Trump and the presidency: all of us. Get your free sticker:
How will you feel if you wake up on Jan. 20 to President Trump? Chip in now to help keep him out of the White House:
President. Donald. Trump.Get your free sticker to show the world you're not about to let that happen:
Donald Trump doesn't represent us.His ideas don't represent us.And his values don't represent us.Add your name:
WATCH: Damning video undermines Trump momentum after accepting nomination
This is Trump's party. This could be Trump's America.Don't let it.
What Trump really means when he says "Make America Great Again:
Monitoring the horrific situation in Munich. We stand with our friends in Germany as they work to bring those responsible to justice. -H
"I think after the last week...we'd better be ready to go win an election in November." Hillary in Tampa
"Hard to believe they spent so much time talking about me and no time talking about jobs or education or health care." Hillary on the RNC
I never thought Id say these words, but Ted Cruz was right...in this election, do the right thing and vote your conscience. Hillary
Donald Trumps speech last night took it to a whole new level. He offered a lot of anger and fear and resentmentbut no solutions.
"I've never heard an American leader...claiming that he's all we need. That's not a democracy, my friends." Hillary
"As I recall, we had a revolution to make sure we didn't have someone who said, 'I can fix it alone.'" Hillary
"He doesnt speak for immigrants...I dont think he speaks for women. I dont think he speaks for working families." Hillary on Trump
"He doesnt speak for anyone who thinks our country should be standing together, not splintering apart." Hillary
"He sure doesnt speak for me, because I know we are stronger together, and thats what were going to be." Hillary on Trump
"We need more love and kindness in this country...The last thing we need are leaders who try to divide us even more than we are." Hillary
"I've never known America to quit on ourselves. I've never known us to give up in the face of tough challenges." Hillary
"The last thing we need is somebody running for president who talks trash about America." Hillary in Tampa
"The best way I can sum up what I hope this election will lead to...is: Love trumps hate." Hillary
Donald Trump told lie after lie last night because it's all he has to offer the American people.
I'm thrilled to announce my running mate, @TimKaine, a man who's devoted his life to fighting for others. -H
.@TimKaine is a relentless optimist who believes no problem is unsolvable if you put in the work to solve it.
.@TimKaine's guiding principle: the belief that you can make a difference through public service.
Meet @TimKaineHillary's running mate and the next vice president of the United States.
Welcome to the team, @TimKaine.
Trump, translated:Build the wallAdd $34 trillion to the national debtRevoke 20 million Americans' insurance
This is what dauntless leadership looks like. Thank you, @GovernorVAproud to call you a friend. -H
If you want to know what someones really like, ask his neighbors when he's not around.
Live from Miami: Hillary takes the stage in her first appearance with her running mate, @TimKaine
"After everything we saw at the Republican Convention...being here with you on this beautiful day is like a breath of fresh air." Hillary
Donald Trump may think America is in decline, but hes wrong.Americas best days are still ahead of us.
In Philadelphia, well offer a very different vision for our country. One that is about building bridges, not walls. Hillary
"Tim is everything Donald Trump and Mike Pence are nothe is a progressive who likes to get things done. Thats just my kind of guy." Hillary
During law school, when his classmates were taking internships at prestigious firms, @TimKaine served as a missionary in Honduras.
Pence slashed education funding in Indiana and gave tax cuts to the wealthiest.Kaine cut his own salary and invested in education in Virginia.
The people who know @TimKaine best have voted to give him a promotion because he fights for the people he represents and delivers results.
Make no mistake: Behind that smile, @TimKaine has a backbone of steel.Just ask the NRA.
Trump's dangerously wrong when he says I alone can fix it.Americans haver never put our faith in one manwe put our faith in each other.
"Tim has led on some of the most important issues facing our countryfrom voting rights to LGBT equality to criminal justice reform."
"I cant think of any better person to have by my side on the campaign trail and in the White House." Hillary
"Join us. Take out your phone right now and text JOIN to 47246. Or go to  Hillary
"What does Donald Trump say about these great Americans?He calls the American military 'a disaster. @TimKaine
"Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite of Donald Trump.She doesnt insult people. She listens to them." @timkaine
Tim has spent most of his life in public service because he believes in doing everything he can to make a difference in peoples lives.
My mom once told meif you want to do right, be an optimist. @timkaine
"Marrying Anne was, and remains, the best decision of my life. @timkaine
"If Im good at anything in public life, its because I started at the local levellistening to people... and  trying to find consensus." Kaine
"Im a Catholic, and Hillary is a Methodist, but I tell you, her creed is the same as mine: Do all the good you can. @timkaine
"There are an awful lot of people whove put their trust and faith in Hillary. And she has always delivered. @TimKaine
"Were going to make our economy work for everybody, not just those at the top. @timkaine
Well make sure that Wall Street, and corporations, and the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes. @TimKaine
In the first 100 days, well put forward a comprehensive immigration reform package that includes a path to citizenship. @TimKaine
"Hillary and I will not rest...until we get universal background checks and close loopholes. @TimKaine on preventing gun violence
I know the NRA...Theyve campaigned against me in every statewide race Ive ever run, but Ive never lost an election. @timkaine
"Youre right, he doesnt trash talk everybody. He likes Vladimir Putin. @TimKaine on Donald Trump
"America was built on courage, on imagination, and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand. @TimKaine quoting Harry Truman
Lets go make history and elect Hillary Clinton the 45th president of the United States. @TimKaine
Help welcome @TimKaine to the team. Get your sticker today to show your support:  #ClintonKaine
"Tough times don't last, but tough people do."  @TimKaine in his first speech as Hillary's running mate
"I don't defend what he says." @MarcoRubio on @realDonaldTrump #RNCinCLE
Outraged by today's attack in Kabul that killed dozens who were peacefully demonstrating. We stand with the Afghan people against terror. -H
Our goal: 3 million people to register and commit to vote by Nov. 8Help us get there.
Your @GOP nominee for president has some thoughts on graphic design.
Trump, translated:Build the wallAdd $34 trillion to the national debtRevoke 20 million Americans' insurance
"It's hard to find a project he touched that did not produce allegations of broken promises...or outright fraud."
"Donald will betray his supporters on every issue." @TedCruz on the @GOP nominee
"@TimKaine is a good man. Hes a true progressive. And he will make a great vice president." @POTUS
Trump's convention message: fear and hate.RT if you agree we're better than this.
"Couldn't have said it better!" David Duke, former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, on Donald Trump's RNC speech
"Do all the good you canmeasure your life by the positive effect you can have on other peoples lives." @TimKaine
People had some fun with a new game we invented: Sad! Libs.
There's never been a campaign app like this before. Download it today to help Hillary win.
For more than a decade, @TimKaine's been leading the fight against the NRAright in their own backyard.
.@TimKaine is everything Donald Trump and Mike Pence are not: progressive and qualified to lead on day one.
Hillary's speaking at the @VFWHQ. Tune in now:
"Americans arent just choosing a president, were also choosing a Commander-in-Chief." Hillary to the @VFWHQ
"I believe in being firm but wise with our rivalsfinding common ground where we can and standing our ground when we must." Hillary
"One things for certain: You wont ever hear me praising dictators and strongmen who have no love for America. Hillary on Donald Trump
Our troops strive to conduct themselves with honor.They deserve a Commander-in-Chief who will never order them to commit war crimes.
I dont understand people who trash talk about Americawho act as if we are not yet the greatest country that has ever been created.
"I believe that he and all American prisoners of war are heroes. Hillary on Senator John McCain
"We are not going to privatize the V.A., were going to reform it." Hillary
The freedoms and privileges that we enjoy as Americans didnt come out of thin air. People fought and bled and died for them.
Everyone who has served deserves our thanks...and you deserve a country and a president and Commander-in-Chief who honors your service."
No matter where you are, you can help Hillary win in November. All you need is a smartphone.
Putting Donald Trump in charge of our economy would be devastating for working families.
"He is a progressive who likes to get things done. Thats just my kind of guy." Hillary on @TimKaine
Were ready to kick off a historic #DemConvention.Watch live:
Get the details you need to know ahead of day one at the #DemConvention:
It's not just history that's watching usit's the future, too. #DemsInPhilly
Lets make sure our future is in the right hands. #DemsInPhilly #LoveTrumpsHate
We don't just believe in a country where no one is left out or left behindwe're making it a reality.
Opioid addiction is destroying too many lives across our country. It's time to end this epidemic.
Tonight, @TheDemocrats voted for the most progressive party platform ever. Here are some highlights:  #DemsInPhilly
We need comprehensive immigration reform to keep families like Karla's together. #DemsInPhilly
My family believed so deeply in the promise of this country that we risked everything for the American Dream. DREAMer activist @Astrid_NV
"When Donald Trump talks about deporting 11 million people, hes talking about...separating families like mine and like Karlas" @Astrid_NV
"Valiente. Brave. Thats what Hillary...called me when I told her I was worried my parents would be deported" Karla
"I know she will fight to keep our families together, nuestras familias DREAMer @Astrid_NV on Hillary
Thank you, @ddlovato, for describing your experience dealing with mental illness with such courage. #DemsInPhilly
So guess what Donald? It turns out America is pretty great already. @EvaLongoria #DemsInPhilly
Watch live as @CoryBooker takes the stage at the #DemConvention:
Our forefathers gathered in this very city, and they declared before the world that would be a free and independent nation." Sen. Booker
Generations of heroic Americans have made our nation more inclusive, more expansive, and more just. @CoryBooker #DemsInPhilly
Patriotism is love of country. But you cant love your country without loving your countrymen and your countrywomen. @CoryBooker
"Trump says he would run our country like he has run his businesses. Well, Im from Jersey...we see how he leads in Atlantic City. Booker
"Hillary Clinton knows what Donald Trump betrays time and time again in this campaign: that we are not a zero sum nation." @CoryBooker
America, we will rise. @CoryBooker #DemsInPhilly
"We are the United States of America.We will not falter or fail.We will not retreat or surrender." @CoryBooker #DemsInPhilly
"Let us declare again that we are a nation of interdependence and that in America, love always trumps hate." @CoryBooker #DemsInPhilly
Happening now: Watch @FLOTUS speak at the #DemConvention:
"There is only one person...truly qualified to be president of the United States, and that is our friend Hillary Clinton." @FLOTUS
"When she didnt win the nomination 8 years ago, she didnt get...disillusioned...she proudly stepped up to serve our country." @FLOTUS
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." @FLOTUS #DemsInPhilly
"We dont turn against each otherno, we listen to each other. We lean on each other because we are always stronger together." @FLOTUS
"In this election, Im with her!" @FLOTUS on Hillary #DemsInPhilly
"Hillary understands that the presidency is about one thing and one thing onlyits about leaving something better for our kids." @FLOTUS
Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughtersnow take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States. @FLOTUS #DemsInPhilly
"Dont let anyone ever tell you that this country isnt great...This, right now, is the greatest country on earth." @FLOTUS #DemsInPhilly
"We need to pour every last ounce of our passion and our strength and our love for this country into electing Hillary Clinton." @FLOTUS
"Hillary Clinton has never quit on anything in her life." @FLOTUS #DemsInPhilly
Watch @ElizabethForMA live at the #DemConvention in Philadelphia:
"He preyed on...people who had fallen on hard times. Hes conned them, hes defrauded them, and hes ripped them off. Warren on Trump
"What kind of a man roots for an economic crash that cost millions of people their jobs? Their homes? Their life savings?" Warren on Trump
"What kind of a man cheats students, cheats investors, cheats workers? ... A man who must never be president" Warren on Trump #DemsInPhilly
"Last week...Trump spoke for more than an hour...But other than talking about building a stupid walldid you hear any actual ideas?" Warren
"He even picked a vice president famous for trying to make it legal to openly discriminate against gays and lesbians." Warren on Trump
Thats Donald Trumps Americaan America of fear and hate. @ElizabethforMA #DemsInPhilly
"When we turn on each other, we cant unite to fight back against a rigged system. @ElizabethforMA #DemsInPhilly
Were not going to be Donald Trumps hate-filled Americanot now, not ever! @ElizabethforMA #DemsInPhilly
If you believe we are stronger together, then lets work our hearts out to make Hillary Clinton the next president. @ElizabethForMA
Couldnt agree more, @POTUS.
"Trumps entire campaign is just one more, late-night Trump infomercial. @ElizabethForMA #DemsInPhilly
Happening now: Watch @BernieSanders address the @DemConvention   #DemsInPhilly
"We have come a long way in the last 7 1/2 years and I thank President Obama and Vice President Biden for their leadership." @BernieSanders
"Hillary Clinton must become the next president of the United States. @BernieSanders #DemsInPhilly
"Hillary...understands that if someone in this country works 40 hours a week, that person should not be living in poverty." @BernieSanders
Hillary Clinton will nominate justices to the Supreme Court who are prepared to overturn Citizens United. @BernieSanders #DemsInPhilly
"Donald Trump? Well, like most Republicans, he chooses to reject science. He believes that climate change is a 'hoax.' @BernieSanders
"While...Trump is busy insulting one group after another, Hillary...understands that our diversity is one of our greatest strengths" Bernie
"I served with her in the United States Senate and know her as a fierce advocate for the rights of children. @BernieSanders #DemsInPhilly
"Hillary Clinton will make an outstanding president and I am proud to stand with her tonight. @BernieSanders #DemsInPhilly
Because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters...can take it for granted that a woman can be president. @FLOTUS
"It is ridiculous that there has never been a female president before."
"When we are indivisible, we are invincible." @CoryBooker at the @DemConvention last night #DemsInPHL
Day one of the Democratic Convention is in the books. Catch up on what you missed here:  #DemsInPHL
RT if last night made you proud to be a Democrat. #DemsinPHL
On most campaigns, there isn't much ambiguity as to whether the candidate does or doesn't back KKK leaders.
You heard @FLOTUS. Here's how you can get involved in this campaign
Watch Hillary become the first woman presidential nominee of a major political party:  #WeMadeHistory
Some people want to rant, but Hillary wants to get results. @SenatorBarb #DemsInPhilly
We have made too much progress, and we are not going back, we are going forward." @RepJohnLewis #DemsInPhilly
Tonight, we will shatter that glass ceiling again. @RepJohnLewis on nominating Hillary for president #DemsInPhilly
"I am pleased to second the nomination for Hillary Clinton as the party candidate for president! @RepJohnLewis
This ones for you, Hill. #WeMadeHistory
Getting ready to make some history. #RollCallVote
History.
Stronger together.
This moment is for every little girl who dreams big. #WeMadeHistory
Thank you, President Carter.
"Let's build. Let's unite." Maria Hamilton, mother of Dontre Hamilton
Sandy, my fourth of five daughters, was gone So many of our children gone but not forgotten Geneva Reed-Veal, Sandra Blands mother.
I would not have signed up for this. None of us would have. I am here today for my son, Trayvon Martin, who is in heaven Sybrina Fulton
No mother should have to feel this loss.
"Make no mistake about it: Women's health and rights are on the line and on the ballot in this election. @CecileRichards #DemsInPhilly
"Lets declare: Love trumps hate! @AmericaFerrera and @LenaDunham
"Donald Trump and Mike Pence: We are not going back to the dark days when women died in back alleys." @BarbaraBoxer
"I trusted her when my life was on the line, and she came through. 9/11 survivor, Lauren Manning
"This fall, we must do everything we can to make sure that Hillary becomes our next Commander-in- Chief." @Madeleine #DemsInPhilly
"Safeguarding freedom and security is not like hosting a TV reality show. It...demands a cool head, but also a big heart." @Madeleine
"She is the best qualified person for this moment in history." @BillClinton on Hillary
You wont want to miss this. Watch @BillClinton take the stage at the #DemConvention:
In the spring of 1971 I met a girl. The first time I saw her we were...in a class on Political and Civil Rights. @BillClinton on Hillary
"I was so impressed and surprised that, whether you believe it or not, I was momentarily speechless.  @BillClinton on meeting Hillary
"I asked her to take a walk with me to the Yale Art Museum. Weve been walking and talking and laughing together ever since. @BillClinton
"Knowing her was one of Hillarys greatest gifts to me. @BillClinton on Hillarys mother, Dorothy Rodham
"She became so involved in childrens issues that she...took an extra year in law school, working at the Child Study Center. @BillClinton
"Then she went down to South Texasand registered Mexican-American voters. @BillClinton on Hillary
She never made fun of people with disabilities. She tried to empower them based on their abilities. @BillClinton on Hillary
"Hillary enjoyed teaching, encouraging her students to believe in themselves and their potential. @BillClinton
I married my best friend. I was still in awe ofhow smart and strong and loving and caring she was. @BillClinton on Hillary
"It was the greatest moment of my life...and the...conviction that my daughter had the best mother in the world Bill on Chelsea being born
Hillary opened my eyes to a whole new world of public service. @BillClinton
Looks to me like we elected the wrong Clinton. an Arkansas judge on Hillarys work on rural education as first lady of Arkansas
"Shes insatiably curious, shes a natural leader, shes a good organizer, and shes the best darn changemaker Ive seen. @BillClinton
This woman had never been satisfied with the status quo. She always wants to move the ball forward. @BillClinton on Hillary
Shes a changemaker. Thats what she does. @BillClinton on Hillary helping 8 million kids get health coverage
"NY elected her to the seat once held by another outsider, Robert Kennedy. She didnt let him down. @BillClinton on Hillarys Senate run
"She flew all night from Cambodia to the Middle East to get a ceasefire to avoid a shooting war between Hamas and Israel." @BillClinton
She backed President Obamas decision to go after Osama bin Laden. @BillClinton on Hillary
"She launched a team to fight back against terrorists online and built a new global counter-terrorism effort. @BillClinton
"How do you square the things I told you with the picture the Republicans painted of their opponent in Cleveland? You cant." @BillClinton
"She is still the best darn changemaker I have ever known. @BillClinton on Hillary
Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because she spent a lifetime doing it. @BillClinton
Hillary Clinton will be our first woman president.And she will be a great president." Meryl Streep
We just put the biggest crack in that glass ceiling yet. Hillary
"What I admire most about Hillary is that she never buckles under pressure." @FLOTUS  #DemsInPHL
History made.
A young girl asked Hillary, "Do you think when you're president, you'll be paid as much as a man?"
"Hillary will make us stronger together. You know it because shes spent a lifetime doing it." @BillClinton
"She is still the best darn change maker I have ever known. @BillClinton on Hillary
Last night, we put the biggest crack yet in that highest, hardest glass ceiling. Here are the highlights:
"I trust Hillary because...I've seen her lifelong devotion to our nation's children." @FLOTUS
The story of Bill and Hillary, in photos:
"This is not merely unacceptable or wrong, though it is both. What happened in Flint is immoral." Hillary
"Middle-class families fighting to give your kids a better life: Democrats stand in your corner." @SenatorReid #DemsInPhilly
"Republicans want to tear down the pillars of middle-class security. We wont let that happen!" @SenatorReid
"I am here to tell you that Hillary Clinton is as tough as they come." @MartinOMalley #DemsInPhilly
"Its time to put a bully, racist in his place and a tough woman in hersthe White House!" @MartinOMalley
While Trump talks and talks and talks, Hillary does stuff. She fights for us on the big issues.@JerryBrownGov #DemsInPhilly
From her first day in office, President Hillary Clinton will do whats needed to combat climate change. @JerryBrownGov #DemsInPhilly
"Trump says global warming is a hoax.I say Trump is a fraud. @JerryBrownGov #DemsInPhilly
Thank you, Christine. We're all standing by your side.
She stood up to the NRA, and Hillary Clinton pledged to take Washington back from the gun lobby. @ChrisMurphyCT #DemsInPhilly
There is no reason to feel helpless about the horrifying trajectory of cascading massacresWe can change this. @ChrisMurphyCT
Text LAWS to 47246 to learn about the dangerous loopholes in our gun laws and get the information you need to help reduce gun violence.
It is time to take Washington back from the gun lobby! @ChrisMurphyCT
"Im here without my mother while too many politicians cower behind the gun lobby. Erica Smegielski #StopGunViolence
"I would give every single day that I have left for just one more day with my mom." Erica Smegielski
We say their names, but that is not enough @ImAngelaBassett on the victims of gun violence
"As president, she will do what is right for our nation, not what is politically expedient. @ShuttleCDRKelly on Hillary
"In Congress, I learned a powerful lesson: Strong women get things done. @GabbyGiffords
"In the White House, she will stand up to the gun lobby. Thats why I'm voting for Hillary! @GabbyGiffords
"Speaking is difficult for me. But come January, I want to say these two words: Madam President. @GabbyGiffords
What the world needs now is love.
"He knows at its best, politics is always a matter of the heart. @DrBiden on @JoeBiden
Watch night three of #DemsInPhilly live on Facebook as @JoeBiden, @TimKaine, and @POTUS take the stage
"Every day were grateful to Barack and Michelle for asking us to join them on this incredible journey. @JoeBiden
Hes become a brother to Jill and meand Michelleyou are incredible. @JoeBiden on @POTUS and @FLOTUS
"Everybody knows shes smart.Everybody knows shes tough.But I know what shes passionate aboutI know Hillary." @JoeBiden
"Hillary understands that a college loan is about a lot more than getting a qualified child an education." @JoeBiden
"We all understand what it will mean for our daughters and granddaughters when Hillary Clinton walks into the Oval Office." @JoeBiden
"Theres only one person in this race who will be there, whos always been therethats Hillary Clinton's lifes story" @JoeBiden
"His lack of empathy and compassion can be summed up in the phrasehes proud he made famous'youre fired.'" @JoeBiden on Donald Trump
He says he cares about the middle class?Give me a break. Thats a bunch of malarkey." @JoeBiden on Donald Trump
Trump "doesnt have a clue about the middle classHe has no clue about what makes America great. Actually, he has no clueperiod." Biden
"No major party nominee in the history of this nation has known less or been less prepared to deal with...national security" Biden on Trump
A man who seeks to sow division in America for his own gainwe simply cannot let that happen as Americansperiod. @JoeBiden on Trump
"We do not scare easily. We never bow. We never bend. We never break when confronted with crisis. @JoeBiden
He says he cares about the middle class? Give me a break.Thats a bunch of malarkey!" @JoeBiden on Donald Trump
"I believe it is an imperative that we elect Hillary Clinton as the next President of the United States. @MikeBloomberg
"We must unite around the candidate who can defeat a dangerous demagogue." @MikeBloomberg on the stakes in this race
"I built a business, and I didnt start it with a $1 million check from my father. @MikeBloomberg on Donald Trump
"I believe we need a president who is a problem solver, not a bomb thrower." @MikeBloomberg
"Trump says he wants to run the nation like hes run his business.God help us!" @MikeBloomberg
"The bottom line is Trump is a risky, reckless, and radical choice, and we can't afford to make that choice." @MikeBloomberg
"Hillary Clinton understands that this is not reality television, this is reality!" @MikeBloomberg
"The richest thing about Donald Trump is his hypocrisy." @MikeBloomberg
"Hillary has a passion for kids and families. Donald Trump has a passion, too.It's himself!" @TimKaine
"Folks, you cannot believe one word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth. @TimKaine
"Hillary is ready.Ready to fight.Ready to win.Ready to lead."@TimKaine
Fired up, ready to go!
"Twelve years ago tonight, I addressed this convention for the very first time." @POTUS
"I was so young that first time in Boston...maybe a little nervous addressing such a big crowd, but I was filled with faith. @POTUS
"I stand before you again tonight, after almost two terms as your president, to tell you I am even more optimistic about the future" @POTUS
"After a century of trying, we declared that health care in America is not a privilege for a few. It is a right for everybody. @POTUS
"We brought more of our troops home to their families, and we delivered justice to Osama bin Laden." @POTUS
America learned that love has no limits, and marriage equality is now a reality across the land. @POTUS
By so many measures, our country is stronger and more prosperous than it was when we started. @POTUS
We still have more work to do. More work to do for every American still in need of a good job or a raise. @POTUS
"Were not done perfecting our union or living up to our founding creedthat all of us are created equal. @POTUS
This is not your typical electionthis is a more fundamental choice about...whether we stay true to this great American experiment @POTUS
What we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other. @POTUS on last weeks GOP convention
"The America I know is full of courage, and optimism, and ingenuity. The America I know is decent and generous. @POTUS
As Ive traveled this countrywhat Ive also seen, more than anything, is what is right with America. @POTUS
"What I see is Americans of every party, every background, every faith who believe that we are stronger together. @POTUS
A leader with real plans to break down barriers,...the next president of the United States Hillary Clinton. @POTUS
She was doing everything I was, but just like Ginger Rogers, it was backwards in heels. @POTUS on the 2008 election
Nothing truly prepares you for the demands of the Oval Officebut Hillarys been in the room; shes been part of those decisions. @POTUS
She sat with me in the Situation Room and forcefully argued in favor of the mission that took out Osama bin Laden @POTUS on Hillary
"No matter how daunting the odds.No matter how much people try to knock her down.She never, ever quits."@POTUS on Hillary
There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president of the United States of America. @POTUS
Tim Kaine is as good a man, as humble and committed a public servant, as anyone I know. He will be a great vice president. @POTUS
"Don't boo, vote! @POTUS
Then theres Donald Trump. Hes not really a plans guy, not really a facts guy either. @POTUS
"Hillary Clinton is respected around the world, not just by leaders, but by the people they serve. @POTUS
"I know Hillary wont relent until ISIL is destroyed. @POTUS
"She is fit and she is ready to be the next Commander-in-Chief. @POTUS on Hillary
"Meanwhile, Donald Trump calls our military a disasterhe suggests America is weak. @POTUS
"America is already great. America is already strong and I promise you, our strength, our greatness, does not depend on Donald Trump. @POTUS
"Ronald Reagan called America 'a shining city on a hill.'Donald Trump calls it 'a divided crime scene' that only he can fix.'" @POTUS
"Thats who we are.Thats our birthright.The capacity to shape our own destiny."@POTUS
"America has never been about what one person says hell do for us. Its always been about what can be achieved by us, together. @POTUS
"She knows that for progress to happen, we have to listen to each other, and see ourselves in each other. @POTUS on Hillary
The American Dream is something no wall will ever contain. @POTUS
"Democracy works, America, but we gotta want itnot just during an election year, but all the days in between. @POTUS
"We all need to get out and vote for Democrats up and down the ticket, and then hold them accountable until they get the job done. @POTUS
"There has never been a man or a woman more qualified than Hillary Clinton to serve as president." @POTUS
"Hillary Clinton is that woman in the arena.Shes been there for us, even if we havent always noticed." @POTUS
Democracy isnt a spectator sport. America isnt about 'yes he will.' Its about 'yes we can. @POTUS
"We dont fear the future; we shape it, we embrace it, as one people, stronger together than we are on our own. @POTUS
"Tonight, I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me. I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me. @POTUS
Youre who I was talking about twelve years ago, when I talked about hope. @POTUS
"America, you have vindicated that hope these past eight years. And now Im ready to pass the baton. @POTUS
"Im asking you to join me, to reject cynicism...to summon whats best in us; to elect Hillary Clinton as the next president @POTUS
"Thank you for this incredible journey.Lets keep it going.God bless the United States of America!" @POTUS
We love you back, @POTUS.
"I ask you to do for Hillary Clinton what you did for me.I ask you to carry her the same way you carried me.
On day three, the #DemsInPhilly officially welcomed @TimKaine to the ticketand @POTUS brought down the house:
Ready to pass the baton.
"No matter how daunting the odds; no matter how much people try to knock her down, she never, ever quits." @POTUS
Her words gave me strength during one of the toughest tests of my life. @Clairecmc on Hillary
It's all happening. Tune in for an exclusive look at the #DemsInPhilly as Hillary officially accepts the nomination.
A night we'll never forget.
"When Flint's water poisons its children, it hurts all of us. These are our children." @JenGranholm
"Some issues are not left vs. right or liberal vs. conservative, they are right vs. wrong." Rev. William Barber
Watch live: Get an exclusive look at the @DemConvention before Hillary officially accepts the nomination
Get the latest from the #DemConvention floor before Hillary takes the stage:
About to head out and accept your nomination for president. Im so grateful to everyone who made this moment possible. -H
"That's rightI love Hillary too." @KatyPerry
Getting ready.
"Im here as a proud American, a proud Democrat, a proud mother, and tonight, in particular, a very, very proud daughter. @ChelseaClinton
So proud.
"She always feels like there isnt a moment to lose because she knows that for that mother, for that family, there isnt. @ChelseaClinton
"People ask me all the time: How does she do it?Heres how: Its because she never, ever forgets who shes fighting for. @ChelseaClinton
This November, Im voting for a womanwho knows womens rights are human rightshere at home and around the world. @ChelseaClinton
"Mom, Grandma would be so, so proud of you tonight. @ChelseaClinton
"Regardless of what was happening in her life, she was always, always there for me. @ChelseaClinton
"Chelsea, thank you. I am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman youve become." Hillary
"Bill, that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago, it is still going strong. Hillary
We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton.And the man of hope, Barack Obama. Hillary
"America is stronger because of President Obama's leadership, and I am better because of his friendship." Hillary
"We heard from@JoeBiden. He spoke from his big heart about our partys commitment to working people." Hillary
"For those of you out there who are just getting to know @TimKaine...he'll make the whole country proud as our vice president." Hillary
"I want to thank Bernie Sanders. Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of Americans. Hillary
"To all of your supporters here and around the country: I want you to know, I've heard you." Hillary on @BernieSanders
@BernieSanders, youve put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong. Hillary
"Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together. Hillary
We have to decide whether were going to work together so we can all rise together. Hillary
"We heard Donald Trumps answer last week at his convention. He wants to divide us...He wants us to fear the future and fear each other."
"He's taken the Republican Party a long way, from 'Morning in America to 'Midnight in America. Hillary on Trump
FDR came up with the perfect rebuke to Donald Trump more than 80 years ago:The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
"We will not build a wallinstead, we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one." Hillary
"We will not ban a religionwe will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism." Hillary
"We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world. We have the most tolerant and generous young people we've ever had." Hillary
Dont let anyone tell you that our country is weakwere not.Dont let anyone tell you we dont have what it takeswe do.
"Dont believe anyone who says 'I alone can fix it. Yes, those were actually Donald Trumps words in Cleveland." Hillary
"Americans dont say, 'I alone can fix it.' They say, Well fix it together! Hillary
"None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community or lift a country totally alone. Hillary #StrongerTogether
"'Stronger Together is...not just a slogan for our campaign. Its a guiding principle for the country weve always been." Hillary
"It is with humility, determination, and boundless confidence in Americas promise that I accept your nomination for president!" Hillary
"Through all these years of public service, the 'service' part has always come easier to me than the 'public' part." Hillary
"I accept your nomination for president of the United States! Hillary
"No one gets through life alone. We have to look out for each other and lift each other up." Hillary
"Simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws." Hillary
"Its true: I sweat the details of policy...because its not just a detail if its your kid, if its your family. Its a big deal."
"I will be a president for Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. For the struggling, the striving and the successfulfor all Americans."
"Weve reached a milestone...the first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president." Hillary
"When any barrier falls in America, for anyone, it clears the way for everyone...when there are no ceilings, the skys the limit." Hillary
Democrats, we are the party of working people. Hillary
"My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States."
"I believe that our economy isn't working the way it should because our democracy isn't working the way it should." Hillary
With your help, I will carry all of your voices with us to the White House! Hillary
We'll pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United! Hillary
"Its wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other." Hillary
"I believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs." Hillary
"When we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be self-defeating and inhumane to kick them out."
"Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together, and its the right thing to do." Hillary
"If you believe that companies should share profits with their workers, not pad executive bonuses, join us." Hillary
"If you believe we should expand Social Security and protect a woman's right to make her own heath care decisions, join us! Hillary
If you believe that your working mother, wife, sister, or daughter deserve equal pay, join us! Hillary
"Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for all." Hillary
Way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks. In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to do it. Hillary
"If fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card, then deal me in! Hillary
"If you believe that every man, woman and child in America has the right to affordable health care, join us! Hillary
"In Atlantic Cityyou will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills" Hillary
"Remember what the president said last night: Dont boo, vote! Hillary:
"Please explain to me what part of America First leads him to make Trump ties in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan."
"Donald Trump says he wants to make America great againwell, he could start by actually making things in America again." Hillary
"Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority. Hillary
"I'm proud that we shaped a global climate agreement. Now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments" Hillary
"Donald Trump says, and this is a quote, 'I know more about ISIS than the generals do.'  No, Donald, you don't. Hillary
"A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country." Hillary
"Donald Trump can't even handle the rough-and-tumble of a presidential campaign...Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis."
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." Hillary
"If were serious about keeping our country safe, we also cant afford to have a president whos in the pocket of the gun lobby." Hillary
"I'm not here to take away your guns. I just don't want you to be shot by someone who shouldn't have a gun in the first place. Hillary
We need to start listening to each other.Hearing each other.Walking in each others shoes.
"I refuse to believe we can't find common ground here. We have to heal the divides in our country. Hillary
Lets put ourselves in the shoes of young black and Latino people who face the effects of systemic racism and feel their lives are disposable.
Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it. Hillary
Enough with the bigotry and bombast. Donald Trump's not offering real change, hes offering empty promises. Hillary
Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer, fairer, and stronger. None of uscan do it alone. Hillary
"She never let me back down from any challenge...she was right. You have to stand up to bullies." Hillary on advice from her mom, Dorothy
"We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day. And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working, keep fighting for right"
"Yes, the world is watching what we do.Yes, America's destiny is ours to choose.So let's be stronger together my fellow Americans!"
In America, were always stronger together.
Thank you.
Let's go win this, together.
The next presidentand her husband.
"Lets look to the future with courage and confidence.Lets build a better tomorrow for our beloved children."
Hillary and @TimKaine take the stage in Philadelphia at their first campaign rally as the official Democratic ticket:
"This has been such an exciting...week!We heard the man from Hope, Bill Clinton and the man of hope, Barack Obama."
As of tomorrow, we have 100 days to make our case to America. So what better place to kick off this campaign than where it all started?"
"Our Founders came together to create one nation because they knew what we know: We are stronger together." Hillary
"We've got to make this economy work for everyone, not just those at the top." Hillary:
Contrary to Donald Trump, I believe every time we knock down a barrier in America, it liberates everyone in America. Hillary
Capt. Khan embodied the best of our values when his actions saved his unit. Last night, his parents told his story:
Big victory for democracy as the 4th Circuit just struck down a NC voter discrimination law. Lets keep fighting to make voting easier. -H
With the first local transmission of Zika in FL, its even more critical for Republicans to stop blocking action:
Headlines for the history books.
Donald Trump has painted a dark, divisive picture of America. We have 102 days to stop him from becoming president.
Hillary accepted the Democratic nomination for president on Thursday. (There were balloons.)
If you want to see the best of America, you need look no further than the example set by Army Captain Humayun Khan.
When any barrier falls in America, it clears the way for everyone.
Get live updates from Hillary and @TimKaine's bus tour
Listen in from Johnstown, PA as Hillary and @TimKaine discuss innovation and manufacturing:
"On Thursday, I was incredibly grateful and humbled to accept the Democratic Partys nomination." Hillary
We have the most productive workers in the world. We just need to give our people a chance to succeed:
Dont believe anyone who says I alone can fix it.Those were actually Donald Trumps words at the Republican convention in Cleveland.
Americans dont say: I alone can fix it.We say: Ok, how are we going to fix this together?
I dont think President Obama and Vice President Biden get the credit they deserve for saving the American economy.
Donald Trump spoke for 75 minutes and offered zero solutions. Hillary on Trumps convention speech:
We're going to make the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II:
Donald Trump says he wants to "make America great again."Well, he could start by actually making things in America.
Our Commander-in-Chief shouldnt insult and deride our generals, retired or otherwise.That really should go without saying.
Captain Khan and his family represent the best of America, and we salute them.
The American people have always made this country great.
A night to remember.
Their paths may vary, but their call is the same. Meet the women of the U.S. Senate:
Sarah McBride, the first trans person to speak at a party convention: "Despite our progress, so much work remains."
Thank you, @JoeBiden.
Road trip.
The @HoustonChron endorsed @MittRomney in 2012. Here's why they're endorsing Hillary in 2016:
Do all the good we can, in all the ways we can, in all the places we can, for all the people we can.
Your courage is inspiring, Mrs. Khanand youre right.
Meet another Gold Star family with some personal perspective on Donald Trump:
Watch backstage as Hillary, @TimKaine, and their families listen to the benediction to close out the DNC.
.@FLOTUS brought the house down.A Muslim family reminded us what America is about.We shattered a glass ceiling.
Why not carrier pigeons, @realDonaldTrump?
Cheryl's husband died serving our country. Trump's company scammed her out of money she needed for her family.
Trump wants to be our Commander-in-Chief. Here's how he's treated veterans thus far:
Road trip: Tag along on Hillary and @TimKaine's bus tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania
Barack, Michelle, Joe, Bernie, Elizabeth, Bill, Tim, Hillary, and more: Watch the best moments from the DNC.
A former McCain advisor says Hillary's policies "will result in a stronger U.S. economy under almost any scenario."
.@realDonaldTrump, when someone puts in the work, you are supposed to pay them.
12 moments from the past week that will make you proud to be a Democrat:
The #DemConvention painted a bright picture of Americafilled with diversity, love and hope.The RNC was...different.
This from a man who says hes sacrificed for our country.
All Kauveri wanted for her seventh birthday was to meet Hillary (and a Star Wars Lego set). She got both!
Under Trump, our economy would lose 3.5 million jobs.Hillary's plan would create 10.4 millionin one term alone.
An important step forward on pay equity in Massachusetts. Women deserve equal pay across our nation.
Just 98 days until Election Day. Here are 98 things that depend on the choice we make on November 8:
22 memorable moments from the Democratic Convention that you probably missed:
Lincoln: "War, at its best, is terrible."Trump: "I love war."How Trump's words compare to former presidents':
If Trump is serious about "making America great again," he should start by making his products in America.
Making our economy work for everyone starts by making sure those at the top pay their fair share in taxes.
Donald Trump's message to workers: You're fired.
Trump thinks it's too hard to make his products in America, so we went and found 100 US manufacturers he could use.
Trump: "I love war, in a certain way."
"We gotta make this economy work for everybody, not just those at the top. Hillary
The RNC showed a negative, pessimistic view of America: That is not who we are.Do we have challenges? Sure. Can we meet them? Absolutely!
"There is no doubt in my mind that Donald Trump is unqualified and unfit to be Commander-in-Chief. Hillary
Anyone who can be provoked by a tweet shouldnt be anywhere near nuclear weapons.
As president I will defend and protect Americas public lands.
We are setting a goal to register 3 million more American citizens to vote:
"I will take on the gun lobby for commonsense gun safety reform. Hillary:
We have the most productive and competitive workers in the world. We just need to give them a chance to succeed.
The @HoustonChron almost always backs the GOP nominee for president. Heres why they endorsed Hillary in 2016:
Happy birthday, @POTUS.
What our economy needs: The largest investment in creating good-paying jobs since World War II.
"Thats what 21st century feminism is about: The idea that when everybody is equal, we are all more free." @POTUS
Every week, @realDonaldTrump hits a new low.
Donald Trump is not qualified to be president, and he is temperamentally unfit to be Commander-in-Chief.
Anyone who you can provoke with a tweet should not be anywhere near nuclear weapons:
"If you're not registered, and you're eligible as an American citizen, please go sign up." Hillary in Nevada:
You saw the Democratic Convention.Now, watch the never-before-seen footage from backstage:
Wish @POTUS a happy birthday. Sign his card:
We know a guy with a binder, @realDonaldTrump. (He might not take your calls, though.)
None of us can raise a family, build a business, heal a community, or lift a country alone. It takes a village.
Watch an exclusive interview with @POTUS backstage at the Democratic Convention.
We don't know why Trump and Putin praise each other so much and share many foreign policies.We'll let you guess.
Our first-ever gold medal-winning women's gymnastics team: the Magnificent Seven.
"Trump is not only unqualified for the job, but he may well pose a threat to our national security." Michael Morell
Tune in to watch Hillary speak live with the @NABJ and the @NAHJ:
The Great Recession hit our whole country hard, but the toll was especially hard on black and Latino families.
Rosa Parks opened up every seat on the bus. Now weve got to expand economic opportunity so everyone can afford the fare.
Weve got to help every family afford the books, computers, and internet access that our kids need to learn in the 21st century.
Its past time for comprehensive immigration reform, and were going to do everything we can to get it done:
Trump is harkening back to the most shameful chapters of our history and appealing to the ugliest impulses of our society.
Trump retweets white nationalists. He talks about banning Muslims. And yes, he talks about curtailing press freedom as well.
I believe with all my heart that America is better than this. America is better than Donald Trump. Hillary
We launched an all-Spanish Twitter account, @Hillary_esp, because we believe in bringing as many people as possible into this conversation.
"We have to reject and stand up against the appeals to the kind of bigotry...that we see from Trumps campaign." Hillary #NABJNAHJ16
Republicans agree: We can't give Donald Trump control of our nuclear codes.
Stronger Together comes out in Septa book on Hillary's policy plans and vision for America:
This week, Trump attacked a fallen soldier's family, called Hillary "the devil," and criticized a crying baby.
"We have never had a candidate that was more qualified to take the office of president." @POTUS on Hillary
Trump just said he doesnt throw babies out of his rallies...Lets review the record.
At the Paris 1900 games, golfer Margaret Abbott became the first American woman to win an Olympic gold medal.
Four gold medals and counting: Today, @SerenaWilliams hits the court in Rio to add to her collection.
America is stronger when we expand access to the ballot box, not restrict it. It's time to #RestoreTheVRA.
so yeah, it's been quite a week for Donald Trump.
Four years ago today.
Why do Trumps foreign policy ideas read like a Putin wish list?
Why the @HoustonChron is urging voters to support Hillary in the starkest political choice in living memory:
Seriously, what is going on with Trump and Russia?
45 reasons why Trump should never be presidentjust from this week alone.
#sendDonaldtospace @JeffBezosTrump's peer reviews are dismal:
So proud of you, Karla.
On the issues, theres no comparison in terms of thoughtfulness, thoroughness, and practicality." @HoustonChron
Three-time world all-around champion @Simone_Biles is set to make history at the Olympics. Good luck, Simone!
"She will deliver on the most important duty of a presidentkeeping our nation safe." Michael Morell on Hillary
Laurie Hernandez is the first U.S.-born Latina on the Olympic gymnastics team since '84. Good luck! #ImWithHernandez
Donald Trump's no good, horrible, very bad week.
The NRA is based in Virginia, but that's never stopped @TimKaine from leading the fight to reduce gun violence.
In America, if you can dream it, you should be able to build it.
We have some questions about @realDonaldTrump's cozy relationship with Russia.
"She doesn't just see one America. She sees all of America and knows that we need all of us." @CoryBooker on Hillary
WATCH: This special 360 degree video allows you to experience the magic of the @DemConvention balloon drop:
Donald Trump's economic plan:1. Lower wages2. Fewer jobs 3. More debt4. Tax breaks for the 0.1%
"I don't know another businessman that brags about his bankruptcies." @WarrenBuffett on Trump:
When you're comparing Hillary's and Trump's economic plans, there are two numbers you need to know.
In Rio, Olympic fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad became the first American Muslim athlete to compete while wearing a hijab.
Today's bombing of a hospital in Pakistan is despicable. We have to stand up against terror and come together to prevent these attacks. -H
Here's what people with actual "tremendous business success" say about Donald Trump.
Watch live as Hillary stops in St. Petersburg, Florida, for a campaign rally on the choice we face on the economy:
We've got to stand up against climate deniers.There isn't a problem we can't solve if we put our minds to it:
Donald Trump's plan is just a repackaging of trickle-down economicsand it doesnt help our economy or the vast majority of Americans.
Were going to make sure the wealthy pay their fair share in taxes for a change:
Donald Trump is not only putting our national security at riskhes putting our economy at risk.
Just imagine Donald Trump in the Oval Office facing a real crisis. We cant afford that kind of risk.
Last night, swimmer @KatieLedecky won gold and broke her own world record in the 400m freestyle. Congrats, Katie!
Thank you to the more than 2 million people who have donated to this campaign. Chip in now to join them:
Trump's trickle-down economic plan: big giveaways for those at the top at the expense of everyone else.
Donald Trump's economic plan is a bad deal for working familiesand a big tax cut for Donald Trump.
How can we prevent the spread of Zika in the U.S.? Hillary and @TimKaine respond on @Quora:
Heres the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.
"A person seeking to be the President of the United States should not suggest violence in any way."
Our kids are watching, Donald.
"The time has come for Republicans...to repudiate Mr. Trump once and for all." @nytimes
If you're a millionaire, you'll do great under Trump's economic plan. Everyone else? Well...Take a look:
Hillary's talking about the economy in Des Moines. Tune in now to watch:
Were going to make the biggest investment in good-paying jobs since World War II:
We are living off of the infrastructure built by our parents and grandparents. Its overdue for upgrades:
We can be the clean energy superpower of the 21st Century.
Donald Trump has spent his career stiffing small businesses, refusing to pay them what theyre owed.
"I am humbled and moved by the Republicans who are willing to stand up and say that Donald Trump does not represent their values. Hillary
Imagine how you'll feel the day after the election if we haven't joined together to chart a course of optimism.
Young people were among the hardest hit during the great recessionand the effects still linger.
When you dig deeper, you see that young people of color have faced even greater challenges. That has to change.
Who benefits from Donald Trump's "new" economic plan? Rich people like Donald Trump.
Our kids see the president as a role model. How will they see Donald Trump?
My heart breaks for the family of the officer killed in Arkansas today. Grateful for his service to his community. -H
Unlike Donald Trump's, our campaign is about issuesnot insults.
1979.
It can be difficult to muster outrage as frequently as Donald Trump should cause it, but his smear against President Obama requires it.
Hillary is speaking live from Detroit on the economy. Dont miss it. Tune in now:
When Trump visited Detroit on Monday he talked only of failure, poverty, and crime.Hes missing so much about what makes Michigan great.
We are resilient, determined, and hard-working. Theres nothing America cant do if we do it together.
Every American willing to work hard should be able to find a job that provides dignity, pride, and decent pay that can support a family.
One of the many stark choices we face in this election.
Starting on day one, we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.
"Some country is going to be the clean energy superpower of the 21st century and create millions of jobs...I want it to be us." Hillary
Were going to invest $10 billion in Make it in America partnerships to support American manufacturing:
Donald Trump has spent his whole career stiffing small businesses.
The people taking care of our children and our parents deserve a good wage, good benefits, and a secure retirement.
Lets fight to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for everyone:
Its not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts, but students and families cant refinance theirs.
A four-year degree shouldnt be the only path to a good job. You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living.
Were going to invest in union training programs and apprenticeship programs so you can earn while you learn:
"As president, I will stand up to China and anyone else who tries to take advantage of American workers and companies." Hillary
Trump may talk a big game on trade, but his approach is based on fear, not strengthfear that we cant compete with the rest of the world.
If @TeamUSA was as fearful as Trump, Michael Phelps and Simone Biles would be cowering in the locker room.America isnt afraid to compete.
One positive thing Trump could do to make America great again?Actually make great things in America:
Every employee, from the CEO suite to the factory floor, contributes to a business success, so everybody should share in the rewards.
Multi-millionaires should not be able to pay a lower tax rate than their secretaries:
Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers.
Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. What that would mean: his family gets a $4 billion tax cut. 99.8% of Americans get nothing.
The 400 richest taxpayers in America would get an average tax cut of more than $15 million a year from the Trump loophole.
Trump wants to give trillions in tax breaks to people like himself.Instead, lets invest in our veterans, kids, schools and police.
Strengthening unions doesnt just serve their membersit leads to better pay, benefits, and working conditions for all employees.
"One of the reasons I asked Tim Kaine to be my running mate is that he...has a record of working across the aisle."
Lets go out and build the future.
It's not just a valueit's a real plan.
Trump wants America to work for him and his friends.We need to build an economy that works for everyone.
Congrats on bringing home the gold and silver, Simone and Aly. Were all so proud of you! -H
.@TeamUSA at the White House, circa 2000. #TBT
Why is @realDonaldTrump refusing to release his tax returns? Some ideas:
Just launched: With Her, our official campaign podcast. Subscribe and listen to Episode 1:
Here's why Donald Trump might be refusing to release his tax returns:
Here's a pretty incredible fact: There is a non-zero chance that Donald Trump isn't paying *any* taxes.
Last night, U.S. Olympic swimmer @Simone_Manuel won gold and made history.
LGBT kids are perfect the way they are. They deserve love and acceptancenot bullying and violence.
Many people are saying Trump won't release his tax returns because he's hiding something. What do you think it is?
As track and field begins, we're honoring Wilma Rudolph: the first U.S. woman to win 3 track golds in one Olympics.
Press play for a preview of the new campaign podcast With Her. Stream the full episode here:
We need to make sure every American has high-speed internet access. And we will:
The choice on jobs is pretty clear: See how your state would fare under Hillary vs. Trump.
This is what @realDonaldTrump would do to your state's economy.
59 million Americans get help from Social Security. On its 81st anniversary, let's recommit to protecting it.
Well said, Coach Auriemma. Keep winning, @USABasketball.
Yesterday, @ShotDiva made Olympic history with her gold medal in women's shot put (@TeamUSA's first!).
No family should have to spend more than 10% of its income on quality child care.
The senseless murders of Imam Maulama Akonjee and Thara Uddin are heartbreaking. This kind of heinous act has no place in America. -H
Trump says, "I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me." You know what? We don't.
If Donald Trump becomes president, he'll game America's whole tax system to make himself richer. Seriously.
Four years in, DACA has helped more than 700,000 undocumented people to live without fear. Let's build on it:
.@JoeBidens hitting the trail with Hillary in Scranton, folks. Tune in now:
"No matter how far he travels, @JoeBiden never forgets where hes from." Hillary in Scranton
Joe passionately believes in the basic bargain that makes America greatthat our economy should work for everyonenot just those at the top.
Joe is now leading a new Cancer Moonshot initiative to fund breakthroughs and save lives in honor of his son Beau.
"No matter where life takes me I always remember I am the granddaughter of a factory worker and the daughter of a small business owner."
No matter what Donald Trump says, America is great, and the American Dream is big enough for everyone to share in its promise.
Under @POTUS and @JoeBiden: Our businesses created 15 million new jobs. 20 million people have health care.
Were going to make college debt-free for all and help millions of people struggling with existing student debt:
Donald Trump would give trillions in tax cuts to big corporations, millionaires, and Wall Street money managers.
Trump's called for a new tax loopholethe Trump Loophole. He'd pay less than half the current tax rate on income from many of his companies.
Trump wants to eliminate the Estate Tax. It would save the Trump family $4 billion, but it would do nothing for 99.8% of Americans.
Under Trump's child care plan, hardworking families that cant afford child care in the first place would get little to no real help.
Providing a Trump Kids Club for your paying customers is not the same thing as providing real child care for your workers.
Trump says he wont tell anyone what hell do about ISIS because he wants to keep his plan secret.Well, the secret is he has no plan.
"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man you can trust with nuclear weapons. Hillary on @realDonaldTrump
Theres no doubt about itDonald Trump is temperamentally unfit and totally unqualified to be president of the United States.
Take out your phone and text JOIN to 47246.Were hiring organizers right here in Pennsylvania and across the country.
As Scranton has always had my back, weall of usare going to have your back, Hillary. @JoeBiden
"Home is where your character is stamped, where its stamped into your soul. Where your values are set. @JoeBiden
No one is more worthy than you, and everyone is your equal. @JoeBiden
"What Hillarys all about is making sure every one of youcan look your child in the eye and sayeverything is gonna be ok. @JoeBiden
Theres only one person in this election who will...help you, and that is Hillary Clinton. @JoeBiden
This guy doesnt care about the middle class...he doesnt understand it. He doesnt have a clue. @JoeBiden on Donald Trump
"Donald Trump has no clue what it takes to lead this great country. @JoeBiden
"Trumps ideas are not only profoundly wrong, theyre dangerous and theyre very un-American. @JoeBiden
"Its a recipe for playing into the hands of terrorists and their propaganda. @JoeBiden on Trumps foreign policy rhetoric
Shes strong. Shes respected. Shes admired. Theres nothing that she doesnt understand about Americas place in the world." @JoeBiden
Trump's candidacy alone is undermining our national security.Imagine if he were to become president.
You oppose reproductive rights, support "conversion therapy," and proposed a Muslim ban.
Whenever you hear Trump talk about foreign policy, picture him in the Situation Room making decisions for all of us.
We have some questions about Donald Trump's cozy relationship with Russia.
The story of the Rodhams and the Bidens isn't unique. What's unique is the country where those stories were written.
"The place of your birth should never be a barrier." A letter to young undocumented people on DACA's anniversary:
Vice President @JoeBiden had the keys to our Instagram today. Check it out:
Both candidates have laid out economic plans. See how each would impact your state:
Donald Trump says he'll create a new test for immigrants.It's a test he'd fail.
Trump's top adviser was designated $12.7 million from pro-Russia forces in Ukraine. That's the tip of the iceberg.
You should be able to learn a skill, practice a trade, and make a good living doing it.
@TeamUSA is showing the world what this country stands for. I am proud of our team." Hillary in Philadelphia:
Be a part of this: Get registered to vote, and ask everyone you know to register, too.
Its not just that Trump doesnt know what hes talking about when it comes to national security. His words are dangerous, and they hurt us.
Last night, @allysonfelix won her 7th Olympic medal. Congrats to the most decorated woman in the history of @USATF!
"This man is totally, thoroughly unqualified to be president." @JoeBiden on @realDonaldTrump
Closely monitoring the flooding in Louisiana and Mississippi. The @RedCross is helping displaced families in need:  -H
Trump's idea for a new immigration test: "Those who...support bigotry and hatred will not be admitted."Awkward.
If you were born between 1980 and 2002, Hillary has big plans to help you.
Today, @Simone_Biles landed a spot in history as the first woman from @USAGym to win 4 golds. Well done, Simone!
One candidate would help millions of hardworking Americans. The other would only help those at the top.
Watch live: Hillarys speaking in Cleveland about building an economy that works for everyone
With just 83 days until Election Day, Trump hired one of the most extreme right-wing voices to run his campaign.
Trump boasts the support of some of the most extreme voices in politics. Now one of them runs his campaign:
We can't let @realDonaldTrump become our next president.
Donald Trump just hired the head of an extreme, right-wing "news" organization to run his campaign.
Trump is running a cynical campaign of hate and fear, and he's got a new campaign chief to match.
Lets make sure it does on Election Day
At the 1988 Olympic games, Jackie Joyner-Kersee became the first woman to win gold in the long jump for @TeamUSA.
Does Trump actually pay his fair share in taxes? Until he releases his tax returns, voters won't know for sure.
We know that giving millionaires huge tax breaks doesn't help our economy. So why would we try it again, Donald?
Donald Trump's plan: a multi-billion dollar tax cut for himself and the wealthiest Americans
Don't waste it. Make sure you're registered to vote:
"@Wired sees only one person running for president who can do the job: Hillary Clinton."
Donald Trump promised to release his tax returns if he ran for office. Now? "It's none of your business."
Donald Trump wants to eliminate the estate tax. Doing so could save his family $4 billion and 99.8% of families $0.
Glad to see that the Justice Department is ending the use of private prisons. This is the right step forward. -H
Congrats to @usatf's @Bri_Rollin, @ItsPooda, and @KristiHollywood on their historic podium sweep last night.
Priorities.
45 years later, I couldnt be happier to have you by my side. Happy birthday, Bill! -H
The flooding in Louisiana is worse than anyone expected, and they need our support. Here's how you can help:
Why do Trump and Putin keep saying all the same things? (Hint: It's not Manafort.)
Today is @BillClinton's birthday! It's not too late to sign his card here:
So who exactly is advising Trump on foreign policy?
When the IOC introduced women's wrestling in 2004, @Helen_Maroulis dreamed of gold. Yesterday that dream came true.
This is so ignorant its staggering.
Trump says he hires the best people. This is what he means:
This week, Donald Trump suddenly tried to claim that he has some "regrets." About that...
"I don't regret anything." Donald Trump, August 2, 2016
Let's send Donald Trump a message in November: We're not going back.
Trumps tax plan could give his own family a $4 billion tax break. Here's what we could do with that money instead:
Donald Trump has shown us who he is. We should believe him.
This choice is pretty straightforward.
If you dream it, you should be able to build it.
It's too late now to say sorry, Donald.
This lifelong Republican wrote a letter to his daughter about why he's voting for Hillary this November:
There is so much more that unites us than divides us. That's why we're the greatest country on Earth.
If you were president, how would you spend $4 billion?  (One guess as to Trump's answer:
Donald Trumps new message to African American voters isnt just inaccurate. Its outrageous.
Congrats to Flint, Michigan's @ClaressaShields on her second Olympic gold medal for @TeamUSA.
Hillary met with Miami doctors to discuss the public health challenge of treating and preventing Zika.
Her mastery of issues and detail is unlike any politician Ive met." @WIRED's editor-in-chief on Hillary
This week, Donald Trump made a shockingly ignorant pitch to African American voters.
"Everything I say I'm going to do, folks, I do." @realDonaldTrumpHere's why that's a disaster for our economy:
The best way to help Louisianans affected by terrible flooding is to make sure they have the resources they need:
One wrong move can be the difference between life and death when you're president.
.@TimKaine takes the mic in the latest episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Subscribe and listen here:
In times of crisis, America depends on steady leadership, clear thinking, and calm judgment.
Cheryl lost her husband in Iraq. Then Trump's company targeted her and scammed her out of $35,000.
If I have the opportunity, Ill do whatever I can to make things a little easier for you." Hillary to young women
The stories behind some of the history-making women of @TeamUSA.
Have a beer with @TimKaine in the second episode of With Her, the official campaign podcast. Listen here:
Donald Trump's economic plan is rigged so rich people like him get tax cuts at the expense of everybody else.
Tune in to watch Hillary on @JimmyKimmelLive, 11:35 ET/10:35 CT.
We heard Trump's demonizing comments on immigrants loud and clear the first time. And the second, third, fourth ...
On average, it takes black women until today to catch up to white men's 2015 earnings. Time to close the pay gap.
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy. We should focus on supporting themnot stiffing them.
The gender wage gap is even wider for women of color.It's time to ensure equal pay. #BlackWomensEqualPay
Why would we give Trump's family a $4 billion tax cut when we could use that money to fix 8,000 bridges?
"No matter how daunting the odds, she nevereverquits. That is the Hillary I know." @POTUS
It's HFA Volunteer Day, and we're looking for 50,000 volunteers. Help us get therefind your friends on Facebook:
A message from Hillary to young women everywhere:
EpiPens can be the difference between life and death. There's no justification for these price hikes.  -H
Indiana organizer Hillary Rodham in 1976. Join her team:
Thinking about the people of both Italy and Myanmar as they respond to today's earthquakes. My heart goes out to the victims families. -H
FACT: The @ClintonFdn helps 11.5 million people with HIV/AIDS worldwide get their medication.
8 things you can do *today* to help elect Hillary:
"He is taking a hate movement mainstream. He has brought it into his campaign." Hillary to @andersoncooper on Trump
There's a reason the most hateful fringe of the right wing is supporting Donald Trump.
Thank you to the Orlando Health and Florida Hospital for showing empathy and kindness in the face of hate. -H
Why do so many Ku Klux Klan members support Trump?"A lot of what he believes, we believe in."
America has a lot to lose by electing Trump. But theres one group in particular who has everything to gain.
Longtime Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke supports Donald Trump because they share so many of the same values.
Live from Reno: Hillary discusses why @realDonaldTrump's divisive rhetoric is so dangerous to our future
"Everywhere I go, people tell me how concerned they are by the divisive rhetoric coming from my opponent in this election." Hillary
Donald Trump has built his campaign on prejudice and paranoia. Hes taking hate groups mainstream.
Trump is reinforcing harmful stereotypes and offering a dog whistle to his most hateful supporters.
When Trump was getting his start in business, he was sued by the Justice Dept. for refusing to rent apartments to black and Latino tenants.
Trump first gained political prominence promoting the racist lie that President Obama isnt really an American.
In 2015, Trump launched his own campaign for president by describing Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals.
If Donald Trump doesnt respect all Americans, how can he serve all Americans?
Trump retweets white supremacists. He took a fringe bigot and spread his message to 11 million people.
Trump famously posted an anti-Semitic graphic that first appeared on a white supremacist website.
Trump refused to disavow the support of David Duke, a notorious former leader of the Ku Klux Klan.
When Donald Trump was asked about anti-Semitic slurs and death threats coming from his supporters, he refused to condemn them.
Trump claimed that thousands of American Muslims in New Jersey cheered the 9/11 attacks.They didnt.
Trump suggested that Ted Cruzs father was involved in the Kennedy assassination.Of course theres absolutely no evidence of that.
